status,title,company,location,date,blurb,tags,link,id,provider,query
new,Associate Developer Co-op,Electronic Arts,"Vancouver, BC",2020-02-08,"Associate Developer Co-op - EAX

As a member of the EAX Engineering team, you can be involved in some or all parts of the pipelines from development to live deployment. You will be at the forefront of constantly evolving, fast moving technologies. We are a dynamic group that is pushing the speed and reliability of developing, building and deploying our applications.

We want you to leverage your strengths and strengthen your weaknesses during your time with us. If you have an interest in an engineering competency or want to find out where you might fit in the software industry, this is a great opportunity! Growth is a huge part of building a career and we want to be part of the journey with you.

We are promoting a modern DevOps culture within the EAX teams and are partnering with other teams in EAX and EA to get it done. This involves writing a wide variety of tools and applications in various languages while evolving our workflows to increase reliability and efficiency. We need you to help take this to the next level.

During your term you could be conceptualizing, developing and designing web or console applications, creating build pipelines, testing, configuring, deploying and monitoring applications at scale to a cloud infrastructure. You will be instrumenting your application with telemetry to demonstrate the impact, security and reliability of your work to others. Some of the data collection will involve use of off-the-shelf software and data mining techniques that you will research and learn. Knowledge of all of these pieces will be an asset whether your ultimate career goals are in production, development, automation, or operations. This is a full stack experience.

Skills and Experience
Able to read and write code fluently in any of Java, JavaScript, Python, Ruby, C, C++, or Go Strong troubleshooting and pattern analysis skills Willingness and openness to learn new skills and ramp up quickly Able to communicate with technical and non-technical team members Able to own features, put together technical proposals and software estimates, and drive features to completion Experience developing for and deploying on POSIX and Windows systems Experience using build tools such as Jenkins, Maven, Grunt, or NPM Experience with source control systems, such as Git, Perforce or Subversion Knowledge of unit/system testing methodologies and frameworks. Knowledge of shell scripting Strong math and statistical analysis skills

Bonus Skills and Experience
Experience with modern JavaScript libraries such as React, Redux, AngularJS, Ember.js, and Polymer Experience with public cloud services like AWS, Azure, or GCP Working knowledge of networking (load balancing, TCP, UDP, SSL, VPN, VPC, DNS) Experience with continuous integration and continuous delivery pipelines. Experience with or understanding of cloud orchestration frameworks including, but not limited to, Terraform or CloudFormation (SparkleFormation) Experience with configuration management automation like Chef, Ansible, or Puppet Some experience with Adobe Experience Manager (AEM) or some other Java Content Repository (JCR) based CMS

EAX Team Overview
EAX is a team within EA that defines, designs, builds and operates many digital distribution
and subscription products that are at the heart of EA's strategy. We are adept innovators
that thrive in exploring new digital business models. We connect players with each
other around the games they love.

Familiar products we drive include:
Origin - EA's direct-to-consumer platform for PC and Mac Origin Access ? EA's subscription service for PC EA Access - An innovative subscription service for Xbox One

Our diverse cross-functional group is comprised of 200+ people with specializations such as
Software Engineering, UI, UX, Product Management, Project Management, Operations, Analytics and QA. This will ensure you are challenged, learning and growing with those around you.

Beyond your immediate peers in EAX, flourish amongst the ~1,500 employees at EA's largest
flagship studio - EA Vancouver (EAV)

We encourage and facilitate a healthy work / life balance Developers are respected for their ideas and opinions Fun, open and dynamic environment where personal expression and open dialog are encouraged Environment that fosters a mindset of continuous learning and improvement. Internal training and skills development is part of our culture.

The EAX Team is focused on providing a web services platform and infrastructure for e-commerce, customer identity and other core services for Electronic Arts online games and applications. We work closely with all EA game studios and business units to support online gaming and e-commerce across numerous platforms (Xbox One, PS4, PC, Mac, Web).","JavaScript , Java , Python , C++ , C , AngularJS , Ruby , Windows , Git , Azure , shell , Maven , security , Go , SSL",https://ca.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=64044e935837d05d,64044e935837d05d,indeed,Electronic Arts developer
new,Developpeur de Rendu Senior / Senior Rendering Developer,Electronic Arts,"Montréal, QC",2020-01-13,"ENGLISH FOLLOWS

Programmeur de Rendu Snior  SEED

La division SEED est un groupe novateur au sein de Electronic Arts, combinant crativit et recherche applique. Nous explorons, btissons et dfinissons lavenir du divertissement interactif.

Notre rle chez EA est de proposer et de favoriser une innovation radicale pour nos jeux et nos joueurs. Nous le faisons au moyen de la recherche, de prototypes, dexploration et dune curiosit sans bornes. Nous sommes galement l pour informer, partager et agir  titre de partenaires dexcellence. Nous collaborons avec les quipes de jeu et les partenaires de lindustrie. De plus, nous publions et prsentons notre recherche au sein de notre industrie et du public. Nous poursuivons une recherche applique  long terme  travers un objectif gros-plan, tout en maintenant notre pertinence aux ralits actuelles en proposant des artfacts aux quipes de jeux et aux groupes de technologie de EA.

Nous recherchons un Programmeur de Rendu Snior  un programmeur graphique expriment et autonome possdant une vaste exprience des techniques et technologies de rendu - pour travailler sur lavenir des graphiques en temps rel.

Il compte de nombreuses annes dexprience dans lindustrie des graphiques en temps rel.

Il devra exceller en matire dinterrogation, de prototypage et de mise en uvre de solutions de rendu haute dfinition en temps rel. Vous connaissez bien les GPU et les API et comment les utiliser efficacement. Plus important encore, vous avez une bonne ide de ltat de lunion en matire de graphismes en temps rel et de la manire dont les choses doivent voluer au cours des prochaines annes pour crer des expriences vraiment exceptionnelles, la cration de mondes de jeu poustouflants ou des avatars numriques convaincants.

Peut-tre lavons-nous dj entendu lors des confrences GDC ou SIGGRAPH, ou avons-nous lu un de ses articles? Vous vous demandez probablement aussi comment les graphiques en temps rel et lapprentissage automatique se combinent pour crer des rsultats uniques.

Chez SEED, vous collaborerez avec une quipe talentueuse et multidisciplinaire de programmeurs, dartistes techniques et de chercheurs, o vous et contribuerez  lavenir de la technologie graphique.

Curieux den savoir plus? Si vous souhaitez propulser votre carrire vers de nouveaux sommets en collaborant avec certains des meilleurs talents de lindustrie, SEED est lquipe quil vous faut.

Travailler au sein de la division SEED

Nous veillons sur notre quipe et nous offrons des programmes de rmunration concurrentiels, y compris des primes et occasions de relocalisation.

Nous croyons que chaque personne est unique. Cest pourquoi nous offrons un encadrement et un soutien individuels pour vous aider  raliser votre plein potentiel. Nous respectons et valorisons la vie personnelle de nos employs. Un bon quilibre vie professionnelle/vie personnelle est essentiel  notre succs  long terme!

Nous collaborons avec les quipes de renomme mondiale de EA. Nous vous encourageons galement  partager votre travail en publiant vos rsultats, en contribuant  linformatique libre et en participant  des confrences.

Electronic Arts est une socit inclusive et diversifie et, dans la division SEED, nous croyons que cette diversit fait notre force  nous invitons les candidats de tous les groupes sous-reprsents  soumettre leur candidature.

Pour en savoir plus, visitez le https://seed.ea.com/ .

***

Senior Rendering Programmer - SEED

SEED is a pioneering group within Electronic Arts, combining creativity with applied research. We explore, build and help define the future of interactive entertainment.

We exist at EA to deliver and foster disruptive innovation for our games and our players. We do this through research, prototypes, exploration, and never-ending curiosity. We also exist to educate, share, and be great partners. We collaborate with game teams and industry partners, and also publish and present our research within our industry and to the public. We pursue long term applied research viewed through a 10X lens, yet stay relevant to the present by delivering artifacts along the way to game teams and technology groups inside EA.

We are looking for a Senior Rendering Programmer - a strong self-driven graphics programmer with a wide gamut of experience with rendering techniques and technologies - to work on the future of real-time graphics.

You have an extensive track record from many years in the real-time graphics industry. You excel at investigating, prototyping, and implementing high-fidelity real-time rendering solutions. You know a thing or two about GPUs and APIs, and how to use them efficiently. Most importantly you have a good idea of the state of the union in real-time graphics and know how things need to evolve in the next years to enable truly exceptional experiences, the creation of amazing game worlds, or visually-convincing digital avatars.
Perhaps we've already seen you speak at GDC or SIGGRAPH, or read papers that you have published? You also probably wonder how real-time graphics and machine learning intermingle to create unique results.

At SEED you will be working with a talented, distributed, multi-disciplinary team of programmers, technical artists, and researchers - where you will build graphics technology of the future. Does this make you curious? If you want to take your career to the next step by working with some of the best talent there is in this field, then SEED is the team for you.

Working at SEED

We take care of our team, and we provide a competitive compensation package including bonuses and relocation.

We believe that each person is unique, so we offer individual coaching and support to help you reach your full potential. We respect and value our employees personal lives. A good work-life balance is essential to our long-term success!

We collaborate with EA's world-class teams. We also encourage you to share your work through publishing, contributing to open source, and speaking at conferences.

Electronic Arts is an inclusive and diverse company, and at SEED we believe diversity in our team brings great strength - we encourage applicants from underrepresented groups to apply.

To learn more about us check out https://seed.ea.com/","excel , API , build , graphics , ide , package , GPU , rendering , Rendering , field , state",https://ca.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e9b2281478ccad75,e9b2281478ccad75,indeed,Electronic Arts developer
new,Gameplay Programmer,Electronic Arts,"Edmonton, AB",2020-02-06,"At BioWare, our mission is to create worlds of adventure, conflict, and companionship that inspire you to become the hero of your story. Our teams drive innovation using cutting-edge tech and tools such as the Frostbite engine and collaborate with thousands of world-class developers across EAs network of studios. We are passionate about games and their potential as a creative medium to reach and inspire people through emotion, artistry, and engaging storytelling. If you share this passion, this is an amazing opportunity to help shape the next generation of gaming.

What the Gameplay Programmer will do at BioWare:
You will work with our animation, design, and programming teams to develop the technology necessary to delight our players with fantastic new gameplay experiences using the Frostbite engine.

Who You Are:
You are a highly collaborative developer with C++/C# experience and a passion for AAA console and PC video games. You are self-motivated and excited to grow your skills in a broad set of gameplay technologies. You are passionate and communicative. You want to help us build the best games in the industry.

Responsibilities:
Develop and enhance camera, animation, and other gameplay systems that meet technical requirements and achieve the creative vision . Collaborate with animators and designers on solutions that help drive our gameplay by developing powerful systems and workflows . Work closely with other programmers to leverage and extend existing systems in new and exciting ways.

Requirements:
C++ experience and a solid understanding of software design principles including data-oriented architecture . Passion for learning the unique challenges of developing and optimizing game systems for AAA PC and console games - including rapid creative iteration, concurrency, memory, and performance.

Whats in it for you? Glad you asked!

We are proud of the great perks we offer like comprehensive health and benefit packages, tuition reimbursement, pension with company match and, of course, free video games. And since we realize it takes world-class people to make world-class games, we offer competitive compensation packages and a culture that thrives on creativity and individuality. Health, Dental, Financial offered (ESPP and RRSP matching); Bonus and relocation assistance also offered.

More about our location: http://careers.ea.com/our-locations/edmonton","animation , memory , video , concurrency , build , architecture , camera , console , set , iteration , match",https://ca.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=3cb5d9dfab3c3a43,3cb5d9dfab3c3a43,indeed,Electronic Arts developer
new,BioWare: Concept Artist,Electronic Arts,"Edmonton, AB",2020-01-13,"At BioWare, our mission is to create worlds of adventure, conflict, and companionship that inspire you to become the hero of your story. Our teams drive innovation using cutting-edge tech and tools such as the Frostbite engine and collaborate with thousands of world-class developers across EAs network of studios. We are passionate about games and their potential as a creative medium to reach and inspire people through emotion, artistry, and engaging storytelling. If you share this passion, this is an amazing opportunity to help shape the next generation of gaming.

BioWare is seeking a Senior Concept Artist to create compelling art that captures the mood and style across several franchises. In this role, youll be working on creating game worlds, characters, objects vehicles, furniture, clothing, and other content.

What the Concept Artist will do at BioWare:
Work closely with the art director, character artists, and environment artists to create a cast of highly believable characters and immersive game environments
Create a wide variety of additional concepts including creature design, hard surface props, and vehicles
Design original concepts that fit within the project style guide
Translate high-level ideas into production-ready art packets
Maintain a high level of quality art, while providing a variety of ideas
Provide in-depth research, reference material, and develop conceptual ideas
Create lighting schemes and color palettes that capture the tone of the world
Create storyboards and dynamic keyframes that illustrate the story and/or gameplay
Ability to create photorealistic work

Who You Are (Qualifications):
7+ years of concept artist experience, including at least 5 years in the gaming industry
Shipped video game titles are a plus
Ability to create concepts from scratch and create color studies
Environment and component ideation and design
Very strong traditional illustration skills in a variety of media as well as excellent drawing skills, matte painting experience is a plus
A strong ability to think in 3D. Experience with 3D software such as ZBrush is a plus
Strong fundamental skills including good use of line, light, shadow and color
Experience with storytelling and concept development
Ability to work within specific styles, including a style set by another artist or art director and mentor other concept artists.
Diploma in art or design-related discipline, or equivalent training and professional experience
English is the required language of work

Whats in it for you? Glad you asked!

The opportunity to work and learn from a world-class games studio making world-class games. We are a culture that thrives off creativity and individuality. At EA, we live the work hard/play hard credo every day.

Benefits:
We are proud of the great perks we offer like comprehensive health and benefit packages, tuition reimbursement, pension with company match and, of course, free video games. We offer competitive compensation packages and a culture that thrives on creativity and individuality.

Health, Dental, Financial offered (ESPP and RRSP matching); Relocation assistance also offered.
Eligible for salary increases, bonuses, and restricted stock units at companys discretion

More about our location: http://careers.ea.com/our-locations/edmonton

Contact me: Katie Bieber, kbieber@ea.com 780-430-0164

Address: BioWare ULC, 10423 101 St. NW, Suite 1800, Edmonton, Alberta T5H 0E7

Salary offered: $100,000 to 120,000 per year

Full time, permanent position.","video , dynamic , reference , 3D , set , position , styles , match , character , drawing , line",https://ca.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=275280392ba40495,275280392ba40495,indeed,Electronic Arts developer
new,Data Engineer,Electronic Arts,"Vancouver, BC",2020-01-17,"As a data engineer, you will report to our Sr Manager Data Science and will play a key role in developing and maintaining the ETL solutions necessary to provide the data that powers our game analysis and reporting.
We are looking for a data engineer to join our efforts in data science, machine learning, and R&D. Youll be part of a central studio data science team, working with our data scientists and analysts to architect data pipelines, support machine learning research, and build feature prototypes.
Responsibilities
Design, model, develop and maintain data sets to support reporting analytics and exploratory analysis
Understand and contribute to the technical solution from design through code level
Contribute to technical design and ongoing development of our custom ETL solutions and analytics platforms, and help improve design and delivery standards
Work with big data developers to build scalable and supportable infrastructure
Employ a variety of languages and tools (e.g. scripting languages) to marry systems together
Assess and support the implementation available and latest big data technologies
Help build a machine learning platform for data scientists to develop, train and execute models.
Participate in reviews and meetings
Recommend ways to improve data reliability, efficiency and quality

Qualifications:
Bachelors or Masters degree in computer science or software engineering
Advanced working SQL knowledge and experience working with relational databases, query authoring (SQL) as well as working familiarity with a variety of databases
3+ years of experience building and optimizing big data data pipelines, architectures and data sets
Strong analytical skills related to working with unstructured datasets
Experience performing root cause analysis on our data and processes to answer specific questions and identify opportunities for improvement
Experience working with big data technologies including BigQuery, Apache Beam, Apache Airflow
Experience working with ML technologies including Scikit, TensorFlow, and KubeFlow.
Experience in developing software using Python, Java, SQL
Ability to adapt to new technology and research troubleshooting techniques and best practices","Java , Python , SQL , Apache , TensorFlow , join , build , model , scripting , key , report",https://ca.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=11bdc9418a2a3175,11bdc9418a2a3175,indeed,Electronic Arts developer
new,Senior Level Designer,Electronic Arts,Ontario,2020-02-05,"At BioWare, our mission is to create worlds of adventure, conflict, and companionship that inspire you to become the hero of your story. Our teams drive innovation using cutting-edge tech and tools such as the Frostbite engine and collaborate with thousands of world-class developers across EAs network of studios. We are passionate about games and their potential as a creative medium to reach and inspire people through emotion, artistry, and engaging storytelling. If you share this passion, this is an amazing opportunity to help shape the next generation of gaming.

Who a contract Level Designer is at BioWare:
Responsibilities:
Communicate and work with a team of programmers, artists and designers through all stages of development to implement sections of game environments.
Collaborate with your lead to identify and implement the priorities and objectives, focusing on the gameplay elements of a map.
Create documentation and prototypes for any specific level systems and gameplay.
Share in critique sessions to provide input to personal and peers work.

Requirements:
Experience as a game level designer, working with current engines and tools.
Experience with closed and/or open world layouts, including gameplay and technical requirements.
Familiar with the level design fundamentals, constraints, and narrative.
Comfortable collaborating with groups within art and programming.
Good understanding of current scripting language and level editors with the ability to implement and manipulate content.
Familiarity with Star Wars: The Old Republic gameplay and level design.
Knowledge of RPGs and Action game genres.
Ability to critique the content of peers in a group environment.
A passion for gaming!

Whats in it for you? Glad you asked!

Since we realize it takes world-class people to make world-class games, we offer competitive compensation packages and a culture that thrives off of creativity and individuality. At EA, we live the work hard/play hard credo every day.

EA is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, marital status, protected veteran status, medical condition or disability, or any other characteristic protected by law.","input , scripting , constraints",https://ca.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d7e3e05b2bd4ccfc,d7e3e05b2bd4ccfc,indeed,Electronic Arts developer
new,BioWare: Technical Audio Artist,Electronic Arts,"Edmonton, AB",2020-01-13,"At BioWare, our mission is to create worlds of adventure, conflict, and companionship that inspire you to become the hero of your story. Our teams drive innovation using cutting-edge tech and tools such as the Frostbite engine and collaborate with thousands of world-class developers across EAs network of studios. We are passionate about games and their potential as a creative medium to reach and inspire people through emotion, artistry, and engaging storytelling. If you share this passion, this is an amazing opportunity to help shape the next generation of gaming.

BioWare is seeking an experienced Technical Audio Artist who can make an immediate contribution to all aspects of audio development within the BioWare audio team. The successful candidate must be able to own the technical audio vision of specific project(s), with the goal of creating an audio experience that is unique and of the highest quality. This individual should have creative experience in audio design and production, a proficiency in systems design and implementation, and the ability to mentor junior staff to success.

Key Responsibilities

Understanding and supporting the audio direction by prototyping and designing systems focused on quality, consistency, and efficiency through function.
Ownership of current and future audio systems with an aim on project convergence.
Defining and enforcing audio systems documentation and best practices.
Driving training and support of other team members with regards to systems implementation.
Collaborating with technical partners in other departments to champion audio in design philosophies and workflows.
Maintaining technical requirements for audio performance and memory management while sharing findings with the wider audio team.
Representing BioWare Audio within the audio community at EA and Frostbite.
Providing excellent sound design of game content, as may be required to prove out a concept or to assist the team.

Required Skills and Experience

Minimum 5 years of game design and or game audio experience
Excellent communication skills, written and oral with the ability to be self-reliant and organized
Solid experience using game audio development tools, technology and pipelines.
Strong technical aptitude and understanding of logic-based systems.
Robust understanding and working knowledge of node based visual scripting tools. (Unreal Blueprints, Pure Data, Max MSP, etc)
Expertise with modern audio creation equipment, software and recording techniques, with a high level of proficiency in at least one DAW.
Understanding of Python (or other) scripting languages. Proficiency is a plus.
Strong understanding of audio concepts, industry standards, and what good looks like.
Outstanding sound design and listening skills.
Actively seeks out and acts upon feedback for audio tools, processes, and presentation.

Whats in it for you? Glad you asked!

The opportunity to work and learn from a world-class games studio making world-class games. We are a culture that thrives off creativity and individuality. At EA, we live the work hard/play hard credo every day.

More about our location: http://careers.ea.com/our-locations/edmonton

Katie Bieber: kbieber@ea.com

EA is an equal opportunity employer. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, genetic information, religion, disability, medical condition, pregnancy, marital status, family status, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal records in accordance with applicable law. EA also makes workplace accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities as required by applicable law.","Python , performance , audio , Audio , memory , scripting , Max , expression",https://ca.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=00f61f71c554289d,00f61f71c554289d,indeed,Electronic Arts developer
new,Summer 2020: Associate Product Designer Co-op,Electronic Arts,"Vancouver, BC",2020-02-08,"Associate Product Designer Co-Op

At our core, Electronic Arts is a game maker that connects hundreds of millions of players from around the globe to some of the worlds greatest games. The EAX team is driving the strategy and implementation of important initiatives for EAs community of players to connect them to one another and to the games they love to play. These initiatives include: EA Access, our cross-platform subscription currently on Origin, PS4, Xbox One and soon on Steam: Origin, EAs gaming service on PC; and a host of other consumer experiences and strategies to connect friends across platforms and within our games.

In your role as Associate Product Designer Co-Op, you will be responsible for designing experiences for our players, with both UX design and UI design. We want you to work on real features, that will be seen by millions of players. You will partner with other designers, developers, and product management to ship great experiences, always with an eye on putting the player first. As part of the broader EAX Design team you will be a key contributor to the EAX team based out of EA Still Creek.

Joining EAX means joining the team shaping EAs subscription services now spanning three major platforms; building consumer experiences that power EAs games and enabling more personalized, socially connected, and frictionless experiences; and expanding our platforms across web, PC, mobile, the cloud and beyond so our players can get into the games they want to play and stay connected while playing. We like to say that we see farther, and are committed to driving innovation to meet player needs today and in the future.

You are:
You are excited about product design, technology and the future of online ecosystems. Youre a problem solver, and you have the ability to implement your ideas You can adapt to changing tasks and requirements. You have a willingness to learn and grow. We want you to have a valuable co-op experience, and to leave as a stronger designer. You take an empathetic view of the user, and to interpret that into a systematic design solution. You validate assumptions through experimentation and research Youre willing to collaborate with other designers, and are comfortable with receiving and giving feedback. You are a solid strategic and analytical thinker with excellent verbal and written communication skills You live and breathe design, a love for the craft of creating something from nothing is an absolute must.
Qualifications
You are able to guide the design process from framing a challenge, to research and insights, to concept and implementation You speak in a visual language. Youve got a knack for succinctly capturing thoughts and expressing them to others. You put thought and reason in your design choices, and can communicate that to others.You are currently enrolled in a BS or MS program in Design, Human Computer Interaction, or a related field of study Familiar with Figma, Sketch, or the Adobe Creative Suite, various prototyping tools, Invision or Framer. Bonus points for showing familiarity with HTML/CSS/JS. Coding isnt required, but an understanding of how it works is beneficial.
Job Responsibilities
Create solutions that solve real problems for our players Quickly yet thoroughly create process flows, wireframes, and visual design mockups as needed to effectively conceptualize and communicate detailed interaction behaviors Align business requirements, design methodologies, and technology factors to create on-brand designs for future state exploration, validation, and testing Leverage and contribute to our Design System, driving consistency, modularity, and a visual design language

About EA:
At EAX, we bring play to customers in new and innovative ways  We extend the lifecycle of our games across all platforms, with a focus on making the around game experience meet the growing needs of our players. EAX makes everything from accessing information about new and existing games, through to digital distribution, education and support a seamless and cohesive experience for every player, wherever they are.

Electronic Arts is a global leader in digital interactive entertainment. The Company's game franchises are offered as both packaged goods, products and online services delivered through Internet-enabled consoles, personal computers, mobile phones and tablets. EA has more than 275 million registered players and operates in 75 countries.

The EAX Experience Design team is responsible for the user experience and product design of websites, web & mobile applications as well as core services that drive awareness around our games, then help our players get the most out of them.

We strive to create the most usable, engaging and boundary pushing experiences possible, and we're looking for a passionate intern who's intent on doing the same.

Collaborating with a team of UX Architects, Researchers, Interface Designers and Swiss Army Knives, you'll experience the full spectrum of the products design process. Everything from ideation and conceptualization, to designing and implementing your ideas.","validation , testing , web , mobile , service , view , Interface , process , get , key , cloud , focus , Adobe , cross-platform , field",https://ca.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=52b43331ffc795ae,52b43331ffc795ae,indeed,Electronic Arts developer
new,Senior Data Analyst - BioWare,Electronic Arts,"Edmonton, AB",2020-01-13,"The Opportunity Ahead:
At BioWare, our mission is to create worlds of adventure, conflict, and companionship that inspire you to become the hero of your story. Our teams drive innovation using cutting-edge tech and tools such as the Frostbite engine and collaborate with thousands of world-class developers across EAs network of studios.

We are passionate about games and their potential as a creative medium to reach and inspire people through emotion, artistry, and engaging storytelling. If you share this passion, this is an amazing opportunity to help shape the next generation of gaming.

As a Senior Data Analyst on the BioWare Quality Verification team, you will play a key role in analyzing our game project and game software data to improve our Development and Quality Verification strategies . You should be a sharp, curious, and analytical individual who has a real passion for diving into data to solve business problems. Your insights will influence how we build and verify the quality of our games.

What a Senior Data Analyst does on the BioWare QV team:

Evaluates and interprets data to extrapolate risks and opportunities.
Prepares thorough and detailed reports that help the team identify key areas of insights and opportunities to drive future decision-making.
Presents analysis conclusions to clients in a clear, understandable, and valuable way.
Communicates clearly (and as often as needed) with team members and business partners.
Outgoing champion for data quality; crafting data quality policies and data governance.
Drives methodologies in tools and visual technologies for building live project data dashboards that provide key data for project monitoring and decision-making.
Develops and maintains scripts and queries to import, clean, transform, and augment data.
Designs and develops statistical analysis models for hypothesis testing, prediction, or inference.

Our Next Senior Data Analyst needs:
Experience  5+ years of work experience in a past analytical role, demonstrating their expertise with data to drive process improvements.

Tools


Ability to work with different types of data (relational, big data, textual, etc.), and accessible through different means (SQL, REST API, etc.)
Understands well how data is stored in databases and can write fast and reusable SQL code to retrieve it.
Crafts performant and intuitive data models that can be further used for visualization by the team.
Visualizes high readability data insights using software tools like Power BI, Tableau, or Excel.
Writes efficient Python or R code to answer data analysis questions with a high degree of confidence.
Understands the requirements of the of Agile/Waterfall process and adjusts their work as needed.
Produces polished and engaging presentations that rally the support of business partners.

Education


Bachelors degree in a technical field (e.g. Computer Science, Statistics, Engineering, Mathematics, Economics, etc.) and/or successful completion of post-secondary level Math and Statistics courses.

Skills


Extraordinary problem solving, creative thinking, and analytical skills.
Ability to initiate and maintain close collaborative partnerships with coworkers and business partners.
Ability to take ownership of projects and look for new problems to solve and new concepts to implement.
A very good foundation of math and statistical knowledge including an understanding of probability, correlation, regression, classification, and the development of statistical models.
Quick learner with an innate desire to continually learn, adapt and develop abilities.
A skillful communicator who is not afraid to ask questions and brings new insights to light.
Teamwork in working with business clients and working in a larger team environment.
Can establish a sense of urgency and prioritize effectively to manage multiple tasks.
Able to work independently and drive for solutions with all business partners.

Whats in it for you? Glad you asked!

The opportunity to work and learn from a world-class games studio making world-class games. We are a culture that thrives off creativity and individuality. At EA, we live the work hard/play hard credo every day.

Katie Bieber: kbieber@ea.com

EA is an equal opportunity employer. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, genetic information, religion, disability, medical condition, pregnancy, marital status, family status, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal records in accordance with applicable law. EA also makes workplace accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities as required by applicable law.","Python , SQL , R , REST , API , testing , math , Math , types , import , build , process , Statistics , key , expression",https://ca.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c5cf254c39f94ec5,c5cf254c39f94ec5,indeed,Electronic Arts developer
new,BioWare: Gameplay Designer,Electronic Arts,"Edmonton, AB",2020-01-30,"Gameplay Designer

At BioWare, our mission is to create worlds of adventure, conflict, and companionship that inspire you to become the hero of your story. Our teams drive innovation using cutting-edge tech and tools such as the Frostbite engine and collaborate with thousands of world-class developers across EAs network of studios. We are passionate about games and their potential as a creative medium to reach and inspire people through emotion, artistry, and engaging storytelling. If you share this passion, this is an amazing opportunity to help shape the next generation of gaming.

GAMEPLAY DESIGNER

We are currently looking for a highly motivated Gameplay Designer to join our team!!

Responsibilities:
Work with a complementary team of designers, programmers, artists, and production; collaborating with design leadership through all stages of development to own and implement specific player and creature combat, controls, and camera features that improve the content and functionality of the game.
Maintain high standards of craft execution within the gameplay team.
Communicate and work with a passionate team of programmers, producers, artists, and designers through development to own and implement completed player experiences.
Communicate progress and resolution of problems setting clear guidelines and expectations for your peers.
Develop documentation, craft prototypes and deliver final content for specific meta and micro gameplay features and systems.
Help foster a creative and candid studio culture.

Requirements:
3+ years of experience as a Gameplay Designer working on AAA titles.
Experience in moment to moment gameplay and three Cs on a AAA console title.
Hands-on experience with game mechanics in 1st or 3rd person action and/or roleplaying space.
A solid understanding of current market trends and consumer feedback with the ability to craft and implement innovative ideas.
Familiar with the fundamentals of user experience and playability testing.
Exhibit the ability to thoughtfully critique the content of peers in a candid group environment.
Experience using Unreal, Unity, and similar tools.
A real passion for gaming!

Whats in it for you? Glad you asked!

We love to brag about our great perks like comprehensive health and benefit packages, tuition reimbursement, 401k with company match and, of course, free video games. And since we realize it takes world-class people to make world-class games, we offer competitive compensation packages and a culture that thrives off creativity and individuality.

More about our location: http://careers.ea.com/our-locations/ Edmonton","join , video , camera , console , controls , match",https://ca.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=06b64e6c60db7b4d,06b64e6c60db7b4d,indeed,Electronic Arts developer
new,Tools Programmer (World Building)- BioWare (Contract),Electronic Arts,"Edmonton, AB",2020-02-11,"At BioWare, our mission is to create worlds of adventure, conflict, and companionship that inspire you to become the hero of your story. Our teams drive innovation using cutting-edge tech and tools such as the Frostbite engine and collaborate with thousands of world-class developers across EAs network of studios. We are passionate about games and their potential as a creative medium to reach and inspire people through emotion, artistry, and engaging storytelling. If you share this passion, this is an amazing opportunity to help shape the next generation of gaming.

What the Contract Tools Programmer will do at BioWare:
You will work with our art, design, and programming teams to develop the tools & technology necessary to populate our games with amazing quests, missions and encounters.

Who You Are:
You are highly collaborative with several years of experience developing tools in C# or C++. You are talented and self-motivated with the capability to drive requirements analysis for internal tools. You want to help us build amazing workflows supporting industry-leading games.

Responsibilities:
Develop and enhance internal tools and workflows within the Frostbite editor framework. Collaborate with designers and artists on solutions that allow them to populate our game worlds with amazing experiences. Work embedded in the game team for close feedback and iteration with users of tools you work on.

Requirements:
Professional C# and WPF experience developing desktop applications or game tools. C++ experience is an asset.

Whats in it for you? Glad you asked!

The opportunity to work and learn from a world-class games studio making world-class games. We are a culture that thrives off creativity and individuality. At EA, we live the work hard/play hard credo every day.

More about our location: http://careers.ea.com/our-locations/edmonton","C# , C++ , WPF , build , embedded , iteration , editor",https://ca.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1b04626c4db19680,1b04626c4db19680,indeed,Electronic Arts developer
new,Analyste assurance qualit/ QA Analyst,Electronic Arts,"Montréal, QC",2020-01-13,"Lanalyste de systmes en assurance qualit collabore avec lquipe de dveloppement afin de superviser la qualit du contenu, des systmes et des outils au moment de leur livraison. Le candidat retenu devra faire le lien entre lquipe dAQ et les quipes multiples de dveloppement, veillera  ce que le produit final propose une exprience utilisateur sans failles et collaborera  la planification et  lexcution des tests et de la prsentation des rsultats. Lanalyste de systmes doit faire appel  des techniques analytiques prouves (processus itratif compos de caractrisations, dhypothses, de prdictions et dexprimentation). Les activits cls viseront lanalyse de la conception et de la jouabilit en misant sur lquilibre et la convivialit de la jouabilit, la structure de test et les tests (en proposant une rtroaction  la fois objective et subjective).

Responsabilits principales

Excuter les tests manuels et assists par outil dans les secteurs dsigns

Crer et maintenir les tests automatiss et fournir des rapports de couverture selon les rsultats
Documenter la porte de tests pour le contenu dsign et en tenir les documents  jour
valuer les exigences de test lies aux nouveaux lments en matire de contenu, de systmes et doutils

Relever et hirarchiser les risques lis  la qualit, au calendrier et  la porte des tests
Faire rapport de ltat des systmes de jeu tout au long du dveloppement
Crer des produits de test applicables aux secteurs dsigns
Participer au suivi,  lorganisation,  la supervision,  la communication et au rapport des problmes lis au contenu et au systme pour le projet
Interagir avec de multiples quipes et tablir la priorit de leurs besoins en matire de test
valuer les processus de travail utiliss par les quipes responsables de la cration de contenu et laborer des mthodes efficaces de soutien aux tests
Reproduire et rgler les dfaillances et analyser leur origine
Offrir du soutien et de lexpertise en dpannage aux crateurs de contenu et de systmes de jeux
Dfinir les tests de conformit de contenu pour les nouvelles caractristiques et les tenir  jour au fil des projets
Contribuer  dterminer les tches de test prioritaires dans les secteurs dsigns
Collaborer avec lAQ technique pour assurer un processus de relais sans failles, des vrifications de systmes techniques  la conception et lquilibre, en passant par laspect divertissant des lments de jouabilit  leur livraison par les concepteurs
Collaborer avec lquipe de gestion des projets dAQ afin de :

Contribuer  ltablissement de priorits en matire de correction de bogues
Crer et maintenir lenvironnement de test local conformment aux exigences du projet
Contribuer de manire proactive  la stratgie du groupe dAQ

Exigences

Excellente comprhension des concepts dassurance qualit logicielle, des processus et des procdures de dpannage
Exprience des moteurs et systmes de jeu un atout
Capacit de dmanteler les systmes moteurs en sous-composants et de procder  leur analyse
Conscience des tendances de lindustrie et des attentes des consommateurs
quilibre du soutien du produit pour les dveloppeurs et les consommateurs
Comptence technique modre dans lutilisation des outils disponibles pour maximiser lefficacit des tests et cerner les occasions supplmentaires de tests assists par outil
Exprience de travail avec les outils de programmation comme les scripts et variables de Visual Studio, Drone, etc.
Excellentes comptences de documentation et de gestion de projet
Connaissance des consoles de jeu ou des systmes embarqus un atout
Interaction russie avec les clients ayant divers antcdents et besoins  parler la mme langue, comprendre leurs dfis et les respecter
Solides comptences en communication crite et orale
Comprhension du cycle de vie du dveloppement logiciel et de son application  lAQ
Exprienc e avec MS Office (Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint)
Fortes comptences dobservation, esprit analytique et souci du dtail
Proactivit dans lachvement des tches et le transfert des problmes aux personnes appropries
Solides aptitudes de rsolution de problmes
Excellentes habilets organisationnelles

Co mptences et connaissances privilgies :
Connaissance de SQL
Excel
PowerBi
Antcdents en test de conformit de premier niveau
Dveloppement Web
Test dextension/de contenu tlchargeable
Exprience IOS/Android

Les candidats sont invits  souligner comment ils rp ondent  ces exigences dans leur lettre de prsentation.

***

The Quality Assurance Systems Analyst is responsible for working with development team to oversee the quality of tech systems and tools as they are delivered. This person will act as a liaison between the QA team and multiple development teams, will ensure a seamless end user experience is delivered in the final product, and will assist in the planning and execution of testing and reporting. The Systems Analyst must use strong proven analytical techniques (iterative process consisting of characterizations, hypotheses, predictions, and experimentation). Key activities will be design and gameplay analysis with a focus on gameplay balance and usability, test architecting, and testing (providing both objective and subjective feedback).

Primary Responsibilities

Execute tool assisted and manual testing within assigned areas
Create and maintain automated tests and provide coverage report based on the results
Document and maintain test coverage documents for assigned content.
Assess testing requirements for new content, systems and tools
Identify and escalate risks to quality, schedule and test coverage
Report on the status of game systems over the course of development
Creation of test products applicable to assigned areas
Assist in tracking, organizing, monitoring, communicating and reporting content and system issues for the project
Interact with and prioritize the testing needs of multiple teams
Evaluate work flows being employed by the Content Creation teams and develop efficient methods of providing testing support
Reproduction and regression of defects, defect origin analysis
Provide support and debug expertise to game content and systems creators
Define content acceptance tests for new features and keep them up-to-date throughout the project.
Assist in determining priority test tasking within assigned areas
Work with technical QA to ensure a seamless hand-off process from technical systems checks to design, balance, and fun feedback on gameplay elements as they are delivered by designers
Partner with QA project management to: Assist with prioritizing bug fixing efforts.Build and maintain local test environment according to project requirements.Proactively contributes to the strategy of the QA group.

Requirements

Excellent understanding of software quality assurance concepts, debugging processes and procedures.
Experience with game engines and systems an asset
Capable of breaking engine systems down into sub-components and provide analysis of each
Awareness of industry trends and consumer expectations
Balancing Developer and Consumer product support
Moderate technical proficiency to utilize available tools to maximize testing efficiency, and to identify opportunities for additional tool assisted testing
Experience working with programming tools such as Visual Studio, Drone, build scripts, environment variables, etc.
Excellent documentation and Project Management skills
Preferred knowledge in gaming consoles or embedded systems.
Successfully interface with customers with a diverse set of backgrounds and needs - able to speak their language, appreciate their challenges, and maintain their respect.
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Understanding of the software development life cycle and how it applies to QA
Experience using MS Office (Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint)
Strong observational skills, analytical and detail oriented
Proactive in completing tasks and escalating issues appropriately
Strong problem solving skills
Excellent organizational skills

Preferred Skills and Knowledge:
Familiarity with SQL
Excel
PowerBi
Background in 1 st Party compliance tests
Web Development
Add on/DLC testing
IOS/Android experience

Applicants are encouraged to highlight how they meet these requirements in their cover letter.","Excel , variables , debugging , testing , methods , build , interface , process , set , embedded , Key , report , focus , regression , structure",https://ca.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f7115ba40fdf6092,f7115ba40fdf6092,indeed,Electronic Arts developer
new,Gestionnaire dAQ-fournisseur / QA Vendor Manager,Electronic Arts,"Montréal, QC",2020-01-31,"Respawn Entertainment est un studio de dveloppement de jeux AAA fond en 2010 et acquis par Electronic Arts en 2017. Respawn aspire  crer des jeux  succs novateurs qui laissent une impression durable sur les joueurs de partout dans le monde. Nos productions incluent les jeux multiplateformes encenss par la critique Apex Legends, Titanfall et Titanfall 2 . Nous travaillons prsentement au dveloppement du jeu daction-aventure Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order, du jeu de ralit virtuelle Medal of Honor: Above and Beyond , et nous poursuivons le dveloppement de notre jeu en direct gratuit, Apex Legends . Les futurs membres de notre quipe auront la chance de crer des jeux rvolutionnaires avec certains des meilleurs dveloppeurs de lindustrie.

Nous sommes  la recherche dun gestionnaire dAQ-fournisseur qui adoptera notre philosophie et mettra son expertise  contribution afin de crer une exprience incroyable pour nos joueurs. Nous recherchons une personne qui peut favoriser la communication au sein de lquipe, faciliter la gestion des dpendances et des risques de processus entre les emplacements, et aider lquipe  atteindre ses objectifs. Vous vous reconnaissez? Nous avons hte de lire votre curriculum vit!

Responsabilits :
Collaborer avec les fournisseurs du studio et les fournisseurs externes pour convenir des procdures et des spcifications standard en matire dassurance qualit
valuer les exigences de test du studio et assurer leur communication et mise en uvre adquates avec le fournisseur
Collaborer avec le studio et le fournisseur aux exigences et aux objectifs de test pour chaque mise en production
Travailler sur place avec les testeurs et les chefs dAQ pour tablir les processus, les flux de travail et les systmes
tablir les besoins de formation et dintgration des nouveaux testeurs chez le fournisseur
tablir des relations entre la direction du studio et celle du fournisseur pour favoriser lharmonisation
Influer directement sur le changement et les amliorations sans devoir toujours tre sur place avec le groupe du fournisseur
valuer et mesurer adquatement le rendement du fournisseur  laide dIRC et dune analyse base sur des paramtres
Collaborer avec la direction et les responsables du fournisseur pour rsoudre les problmes de rendement
Signaler les besoins et exigences du fournisseur et rsoudre des dfis techniques
Accepter de se dplacer frquemment au site du fournisseur
Planifier les capacits de projets  court et  long terme, selon les priodes de pointe

Exigences souhaitables :
Exprience  titre de gestionnaire de fournisseur ou de limpartition dans la supervision du cycle de dveloppement complet de jeux AAA, du concept au service en direct
3  5 ans dexprience  titre de gestionnaire dAQ dans une entreprise de jeux
Excellentes capacits de communication et de collaboration avec la direction sur le site et hors site
Connaissance du dveloppement de jeu et volont marque dapprendre
Sentiment durgence et dsir de faire avancer le travail
Capacit  se motiver et  motiver les autres
Comptence leve du signalement de bogues et des logiciels connexes
Fortes aptitudes en relations humaines. Empathie en matire de rsolution de problmes dautrui, respect de lhoraire des autres

***

Respawn Entertainment is a AAA video game development studio that was founded in 2010 and acquired by Electronic Arts in 2017. Respawn aspires to create innovative hit games that leave a lasting impact for gamers worldwide. Our shipped work includes the critically acclaimed multi-platform games Apex Legends, Titanfall, and Titanfall 2 . We are currently developing the Star Wars action-adventure game Jedi: Fallen Order, virtual reality game Medal of Honor: Above and Beyond , and are continuing development for our live free-to-play game, Apex Legends . The opportunity to create groundbreaking games with some of the best developer talent in the industry awaits our future team members.

Were looking for an experienced QA Manager who will embrace our philosophy and share his/her hard earned expertise to help us create an incredible experience for our players. Were picturing someone who can ease communication across the team, facilitate cross-location workflow-dependencies and risks, and help the team hit their goals. If this sounds like you, we're looking forward to seeing your resume!

What youll do...

Working with studios and external vendors to determine and agree on quality assurance standards procedures and specifications
You will assess studio testing requirements and ensure proper communication and implementation with the vendor
You will work with the studio and the vendor to collaborate on testing requirements and goals for each release
Work on-site with QA testers and leads to establish processes, workflows, and systems
Determine training and on boardingneeds for new testers at the vendor
Build relationships between studio and vendor leadership to achieve good alignment
You are able to directly influence change and improvements without always being directly onsite with the vendor group
You are good at gauging and measuring performance of the vendor through KPIs and metric based analysis
Partner with vendor management and leads to correct performance issues
You are good at reporting needs and requirements from the vendor and able to help solve technical challenges
You are okay with frequent travel to the vendor site
You will be doing short and long term project capacity planning and can plan accordingly for spike periods

Ideally you will have...

Experience as a vendor or outsourcing manager over-seeing a AAA game/s through the full development cycle, from concept to live service
3-5 years as a QA Manager at a games company
Strong communications and collaboration skills both with onsite and offsite leadership
Knowledge of game development, and a strong willingness to learn.
Sense of urgency and a desire to get things done.
Ability to self-motivate and help motivate others.
High proficiency with bug reporting and related software.
Strong people skills. Empathy for fixing the problems of others, respect for others time.","performance , testing , video , service , get",https://ca.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=0b3914e6ca3150b6,0b3914e6ca3150b6,indeed,Electronic Arts developer
new,Engine Programmer - BioWare,Electronic Arts,"Edmonton, AB",2020-01-13,"At BioWare, our mission is to create worlds of adventure, conflict, and companionship that inspire you to become the hero of your story. Our teams drive innovation using cutting-edge tech and tools such as the Frostbite engine and collaborate with thousands of world-class developers across EAs network of studios.

What the Engine Programmer will do at BioWare:
You will work with our art, design, and programming teams to develop the technology necessary to amaze our players with industry-leading experiences using the Frostbite engine.

Who You Are:
You are highly collaborative with several years of experience developing systems for AAA console and PC video games. You love solving complex problems with creative and innovative solutions. You enjoy diving deeply into dark corners of code to find the last bits of optimization or clear out that final bug. You want to help us build the best games in the industry.

Responsibilities:
Collaborate with artists and designers on solutions that further our games vision . Develop and enhance the core engine, pipelines, and tools on multiple hardware platforms. Profile and optimize our single-player and multiplayer engine including CPU, I/O, and memory. Mentor other developers in every phase of project development . Work closely with Frostbite central teams to leverage and extend Frostbites systems.

Requirements:
Experience developing, debugging and optimizing systems for AAA PC and console games. Experience developing systems where concurrency, memory, and performance is important. 5+ years of professional C++ experience and a solid understanding of software design principles.

Whats in it for you? Glad you asked!

We are proud of the great perks we offer like comprehensive health and benefit packages, tuition reimbursement, pension with company match and, of course, free video games. And since we realize it takes world-class people to make world-class games, we offer competitive compensation packages and a culture that thrives on creativity and individuality. Health, Dental, Financial offered (ESPP and RRSP matching); Bonus and relocation assistance also offered.

More about our location: https://www.ea.com/careers/careers-overview/edmonton

EA is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, marital status, protected veteran status, medical condition or disability, or any other characteristic protected by law.","C++ , performance , debugging , optimization , memory , video , concurrency , build , console , find , match",https://ca.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=3ebc56654d819e29,3ebc56654d819e29,indeed,Electronic Arts developer
new,BioWare: Technical Artist (Shaders),Electronic Arts,"Edmonton, AB",2020-01-13,"Technical Artist (Shaders)

At BioWare, our mission is to create worlds of adventure, conflict, and companionship that inspire you to become the hero of your story. Our teams drive innovation using cutting-edge tech and tools such as the Frostbite engine and collaborate with thousands of world-class developers across EAs network of studios. We are passionate about games and their potential as a creative medium to reach and inspire people through emotion, artistry, and engaging storytelling. If you share this passion, this is an amazing opportunity to help shape the next generation of gaming.

As a Technical Artist at BioWare specializing in shaders, you will work with other artists to develop industry-leading visuals using the Frostbite engine. You will research, conceptualize and author shaders and materials. You will take ownership of the surfaces and materials in the game while establishing and enforcing standards.

Key Responsibilities:
Character shaders: Author shaders for skin, eyes, hair, clothing, armor, weapons, and customization materials. Environment shaders: Author shaders for terrain and associated scatter meshes, vegetation, water, decals, architecture, and props. Ownership and enforcement of standards with regards to material authoring and shader construction. Ownership of debug and validation tools for materials. Ownership of shader performance across the title.

Who You Are:
3+ years experience in the game or film industry (or demonstrated equivalent shader authoring ability) Intermediate or Senior level Experience with real-time, node-based shader editors in modern game engines Experience in Photoshop (required), Substance (preferred). Houdini experience an advantage Ability to view visual reference of a material, deconstruct it, and re-create it in a real-time game engine Strong understanding of modern rendering techniques Ability to focus and keep content relevant to the current projects art style and work within those limitations Excellent communication and problem-solving skills

The opportunity to work and learn from a world-class games studio making world-class games. We are a culture that thrives off creativity and individuality. At EA, we live the work hard/play hard credo every day.

More about our locations:
https://www.ea.com/careers/careers-overview/edmonton

Katie Bieber: kbieber@ea.com

EA is an equal opportunity employer. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, genetic information, religion, disability, medical condition, pregnancy, marital status, family status, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal records in accordance with applicable law. EA also makes workplace accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities as required by applicable law.","performance , validation , view , architecture , reference , focus , expression , shader , rendering",https://ca.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4a205b97c7b1e392,4a205b97c7b1e392,indeed,Electronic Arts developer
new,BioWare: UX Outsource,Electronic Arts,"Edmonton, AB",2020-01-30,"UX Outsource

At BioWare, our mission is to create worlds of adventure, conflict, and companionship that inspire you to become the hero of your story. Our teams drive innovation using cutting-edge tech and tools such as the Frostbite engine and collaborate with thousands of world-class developers across EAs network of studios. We are passionate about games and their potential as a creative medium to reach and inspire people through emotion, artistry, and engaging storytelling. If you share this passion, this is an amazing opportunity to help shape the next generation of gaming.

UX OUTSOURCE

Responsibilities:
Partner with team leads to determine requirements and establish objectives with external teams
Maintain strong creative relationships with existing partners and internal teams
Leverage external production knowledge to explore opportunities with new partners
Collaborate with project Directors and Leads to develop and document specifications and deliverables that meet quality targets
Create, manage, and track production schedules; report the status of deliverables to team leads
Review deliverables for quality and accuracy and provide feedback as required; implement and test in engine
Proactively identify improvements in the development pipeline in relation to external development and integration
Assist with the management and integration of UX flows and ensure are optimal for player experience and developer intent

Requirements:
5+ years of experience in outsourcing positions.
Proven experience as a UX Designer, UI Designer or similar role
Strong portfolio of design projects
Background in project management and research
Familiarity with interaction design and information architecture
Problem-solving aptitude
Excellent communication skills
Multi-tasking and time-management skills, with the ability to prioritize tasks.
Leadership and Management experience
Extensive knowledge of production software including Excel/Jira/Shotgun
Proficient in design software (e.g. Adobe XD, Balsamiq)
BSc in Design, Computer Science, Engineering or a related field

Whats in it for you? Glad you asked!

We love to brag about our great perks like comprehensive health and benefit packages, tuition reimbursement, 401k with company match and, of course, free video games. And since we realize it takes world-class people to make world-class games, we offer competitive compensation packages and a culture that thrives off creativity and individuality.

More about our location: http://careers.ea.com/our-locations/ Edmonton","video , report , match , Adobe",https://ca.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5ce5d1f66d872111,5ce5d1f66d872111,indeed,Electronic Arts developer
new,BioWare: UX Scripter (Contract),Electronic Arts,"Edmonton, AB",2020-01-30,"UX Scripter (Contract)

At BioWare, our mission is to create worlds of adventure, conflict, and companionship that inspire you to become the hero of your story. Our teams drive innovation using cutting-edge tech and tools such as the Frostbite engine and collaborate with thousands of world-class developers across EAs network of studios. We are passionate about games and their potential as a creative medium to reach and inspire people through emotion, artistry, and engaging storytelling. If you share this passion, this is an amazing opportunity to help shape the next generation of gaming.

BioWare is looking for a UX Scripter to develop and integrate experiences from the game team for BioWares immersive RPG experiences.

Responsibilities:
This is a hands-on, in-engine role. From UX/UI prototypes to final content you will be responsible for the implementation of the game content.
Work with a multidisciplinary team of designers, artists, programmers, and producers to create exciting new content and build satisfying user interfaces.
Work with best practices for the discipline, from structured processes to workflow and content standards in order to implement content within UX/UI.
Help test new features and tools before they are deployed to the rest of the team.

Requirements:
Experience with digital interfaces and video game environments.
Proven ability to conceptualize, create and implement game concepts using various tools, technology, and visual language.
Demonstrative proof of an open-mined, progressive thinker who is flexible, energetic and driven with the ability to overcome obstacles and challenges with working solutions.
A passion for Video Games!!

Whats in it for you? Glad you asked!

We love to brag about our great perks like comprehensive health and benefit packages, tuition reimbursement, 401k with company match and, of course, free video games. And since we realize it takes world-class people to make world-class games, we offer competitive compensation packages and a culture that thrives off creativity and individuality.

More about our location: http://careers.ea.com/our-locations/edmonton","rest , video , Video , build , match",https://ca.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=27785a996b8855ce,27785a996b8855ce,indeed,Electronic Arts developer
new,Front End Software Engineer,Electronic Arts,"Vancouver, BC",2020-01-13,"Electronic Arts Inc. is a global interactive entertainment software company. EA delivers games, content and online services for Internet-connected consoles, personal computers, mobile phones, and tablets.
We are looking for a Front-End Engineer to join our small team for an unannounced project. This is an opportunity to help craft the vision and execution of a compelling and immersive experience. You will report to the Technical Director for our studio and will collaborate with Designers, Artists and other Engineers to implement UI screens and workflows.

Responsibilities:
Work within a cross-functional team; understanding the vision of the design team and the requirements of the backend developers
Create products that are functional and aesthetically pleasing
Improve the experience of our product through improving the quality of the front-end features
Identify areas of improvements in the code base and help contribute to make it better
Develop new tools and workflows in collaboration with UX designers and artists
Improve solutions to address performance bottlenecks
UI screen implementation
Build screens, widgets, and other UI elements in a way can be tuned by designers
Partner with designers and TD to develop best practices and solutions
Write core UI systems in Unity
Optimize UI performance

Required Technical Experience:
Bachelors degree in computer science or equivalent professional experience
Experience with Unity GUI or NGUI frameworks
2+ years of game development experience
Proficiency with Unity and C#","C# , performance , join , mobile , report",https://ca.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7c06553aed4d56ab,7c06553aed4d56ab,indeed,Electronic Arts developer
new,Development Director,Electronic Arts,"Edmonton, AB",2020-01-30,"At BioWare, our mission is to create worlds of adventure, conflict, and companionship that inspire you to become the hero of your story. Our teams drive innovation using cutting-edge tech and tools such as the Frostbite engine and collaborate with thousands of world-class developers across EAs network of studios. We are passionate about games and their potential as a creative medium to reach and inspire people through emotion, artistry, and engaging storytelling. If you share this passion, this is an amazing opportunity to help shape the next generation of gaming.

We are currently looking for a Development Director to join our team.

What the Development Director will do at BioWare:
Youll work closely with our cross-disciplinary development teams and a variety of outsourcers to plan and execute on the narrative for an upcoming title. You must be detail-oriented and able to multitask efficiently, and able to collaborate with a wide variety of people and teams.

Responsibilities:
Leads multi-disciplinary, cross-functional teams to deliver functionality, modules or specific components of a game.
Coordinates Agile teams to meet their sprint/release goals, organize resources in planning, tracking and reporting on the work.
Works with the Lead Producers and Senior Development Director to establish and communicate project goals, objectives, plans and milestones to the project team.
Works with stakeholders to continuously manage trade-offs between scope, resources and time during the project lifecycle.
Identify, analyze, prioritize, mitigate and communicate project risks; develop mitigation plans for them.
Responsible for the creation of status reports, project plans, communications plans, retrospectives.
Work with other DDs to identify opportunities for process improvements to make sure we are delivering high-quality content as effectively as possible.

Requirements:
5+ years experience in project management and/or team management
Expert knowledge of the use of project management tools and development practices; knowledge of JIRA is an asset
Strong oral and written communication skills
Experience working in a creative environment; gaming industry experience ideal
University degree (Bachelors) or equivalent in a related field is preferred
Experience with Agile and/or Kanban frameworks.

Whats in it for you? Glad you asked!

We love to brag about our great perks like comprehensive health and benefit packages, tuition reimbursement, RRSP company match and, of course, many other perks! And since we realize it takes world-class people to make world-class games, we offer competitive compensation packages and a culture that thrives off of creativity and individuality. At EA, we live the work hard/play hard credo every day.","join , process , scope , resources , components , match , field",https://ca.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=dc08ca93ffc31185,dc08ca93ffc31185,indeed,Electronic Arts developer
new,Associate Quality Designer - Frostbite,Electronic Arts,"Vancouver, BC",2020-01-13,"Associate Quality Designer - Frostbite Vancouver

Role Description:
Frostbite is the one engine for Electronic Arts and through our unique development challenges, we aim to produce a functional, reliable, usable and high-performance product for our game developers. As a prospective employee, we wish to provide you with personal and career growth through constructive feedback, and to present you with the opportunity to collaborate with talented people situated across the globe. To help you on your journey, there will be opportunities for training courses internally and externally so that you may strengthen your skill sets.

As the Associate Quality Designer for the Frostbite Integration Team you will partner with your dev team to set, measure, and achieve quality targets. Your dev team is responsible for integrating the cutting-edge iterations of Frostbite into game team code bases across EA Studios and you will get to be the quality leader of the team and its integration responsibilities. You will partner with game teams and be their guiding force on quality process, best practices, promote knowledge sharing of common experiences between SE and QA integrators, and ultimately build a self-sufficient community. To push the quality bar of subsequent integrations higher, you will work with your dev team and their game-team partners to create feedback loops between both and the greater Frostbite Engine Team to fill the holes in process and testing between all.

EA has thousands of Frostbite users worldwide so every defect you catch and every problem you solve has wide, positive impacts. We use a range of methodologies from white box, grey box, and black box testing, and are looking to you to strengthen the quality practices and enforce consistency in your team. You will develop an in-depth understanding of product designs, get to use the Frostbite editor to create unique test cases, formulate test strategies for implementation and integration of technologies, and will identify defects as early as possible in the integration cycle.

Being an Associate Quality Designer is more than being a tester  its about supporting your team and growing with your colleagues. As part of an experienced cross-functional engineering team you will collaborate with your dev team partners to identify and drive workflow, process, and automation improvement opportunities, and get to formulate creative or technical solutions to the problems in front of and ahead of you. Along with planning, coordination, and testing, you will track data metrics and key performance indicators so that you and your partners can analyze, make data driven decisions, and measure the success of the choices we make. You will take lessons learned and apply them to your next iteration.

Responsibilities

Foster strong working relationships with development partners and other stakeholders. Proactively ensure their evolving needs are met and they are updated with pertinent information throughout the development cycle.
Work with multiple partners external to your team and provide best practices, promote knowledge sharing, and promote self-sufficiency among them all.
Create feedback loops between your development partners and their customers and bring the knowledge back to the greater Frostbite development and QA team so they can raise the quality bar for the engine.
Always be looking for opportunities to improve the quality of your teams process and workflows.
Identify and track key performance indicators. Analyze and use data to make informed decisions.
Partner with your QA colleagues to mitigate cross-project risks and collaborate to produce group-wide quality improvements.
Create test plans by cross-referencing existing tests and coordinate with development partners on Release acceptance criteria.

Desired Skills:
Ability to effectively triage issues according to urgency, severity, and risk.
Understanding of software development processes and SDLC (Agile preferred).
Ability to take ownership of project requirements without constant supervision.
Moderate proficiency with software development tools like Perforce (i.e. understand concept of version control).
Basic proficiency in development planning tools and defect tracking tools (e.g. Hansoft, JIRA, DevTrack, TestRail).
Basic understanding of programming concepts.

Nice-to-haves:
Strong testing experience.
Extensive experience with game engines, content & asset editors, and shared technologies.
Understanding of build systems, continuous integration, unit tests, automated functional tests, and testing frameworks.
Experience working with external and remote teams.
Scripting experience.

Experience Required:
3+ years of QA testing experience.
3+ years of QA support in embedded environments.","performance , loops , testing , build , process , automation , get , set , embedded , range , key , editor , version",https://ca.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=68cb3ada4f5c90df,68cb3ada4f5c90df,indeed,Electronic Arts developer
new,BioWare: Senior Game Product Manager,Electronic Arts,"Edmonton, AB",2020-01-25,"Senior Game Product Manager

At BioWare, our mission is to create worlds of adventure, conflict, and companionship that inspire you to become the hero of your story. Our teams drive innovation using cutting-edge tech and tools such as the Frostbite engine and collaborate with thousands of world-class developers across EAs network of studios. We are passionate about games and their potential as a creative medium to reach and inspire people through emotion, artistry, and engaging storytelling. If you share this passion, this is an amazing opportunity to help shape the next generation of gaming.

The Senior Game Product Manager is an experienced and proven leader with the right mix of a passion for gaming, design, and business. You are humble, curious, creative, and emotionally intelligent. You see things differently, strive for continuous improvement, and make informed decisions with just enough data.

BioWare is looking for a Senior Game Product Manager to help combine the best of a continuously updated live game and BioWares immersive RPG experiences.

Key Responsibilities

Collaborate with the project leadership to define and be accountable for the strategy and execution plan to create and operate games that balance creative, business, and player-first execution
Champion the performance of the product strategy and execution; create models to forecast features impact on the user life cycle, define success metrics, and prioritize backlog to hit Retention, Acquisition, and Monetization goals
Work across disciplines and teams to build the structure and processes that enable the creation and operation of successful live services
Define best practices for the discipline, from how to build a game from the ground up to manage the day to day live service -- to retain, acquire, engage, and monetize
Own and analyze game metrics (acquisition, retention, engagement, monetization, virality) and proactively identify and implement optimizations to player experience and core financial performance
Serve as a coach and mentor resource, assisting in the resolution of complex problems and growing skills and knowledge
Set up successful collaborations across internal EA studios as well as with external partners

Requirements

6+ years of experience in a Game Product Management role or similar
Experience with games early in development phases
Experience running and optimizing a Live Service
Passion for creating innovative, fun, and compelling games
Exceptional business & design capabilities - you can confidently draw a line from detailed player behavior all the way to market outcomes
Excellent data analysis skills required, including the ability to model game parameters in Excel and experience with A/B and multivariate testing
A deep understanding of market trends, business models and customer preferences across all genres, platforms, territories, and demographics
S./B.A. degree in a quantitative major

Whats in it for you? Glad you asked!

We love to brag about our great perks like comprehensive health and benefit packages, tuition reimbursement, 401k with company match and, of course, free video games. And since we realize it takes world-class people to make world-class games, we offer competitive compensation packages and a culture that thrives off creativity and individuality.

More about our location: http://careers.ea.com/our-locations/ Edmonton

#LI-TA1","Excel , performance , video , service , build , parameters , model , match , structure , line",https://ca.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=3961497da30ee238,3961497da30ee238,indeed,Electronic Arts developer
new,BioWare: Technical Animator,Electronic Arts,"Edmonton, AB",2020-01-13,"At BioWare, our mission is to create worlds of adventure, conflict, and companionship that inspire you to become the hero of your story. Our teams drive innovation using cutting-edge tech and tools such as the Frostbite engine and collaborate with thousands of world-class developers across EAs network of studios. We are passionate about games and their potential as a creative medium to reach and inspire people through emotion, artistry, and engaging storytelling. If you share this passion, this is an amazing opportunity to help shape the next generation of gaming.

What the Technical Animator will do at BioWare:
Responsibilities:
Work alongside concept artists character artists, animators, and other technical animators to produce industry-leading characters, creatures and mechanical props for BioWare Work with programmers and other technical animators to produce animation tools, rigging solutions and workflows for captured and hand-keyed animation Prototype and implement procedural animation systems such as facial animation, destruction, cloth, and hair Collaborate with the design, character art, animation, and outsourcing teams Debugging and support of animation systems and tools

Qualifications:
4+ years of experience in the industry Demonstrable understanding of animation principles, anatomy, and deformation Experience with motion capture and retargeting Proficient with standard industry tools such as Autodesk Maya Experience working with procedural rigging systems

Whats in it for you? Glad you asked!

We are proud of the great perks we offer like comprehensive health and benefit packages, tuition reimbursement, pension with company match and, of course, free video games. And since we realize it takes world-class people to make world-class games, we offer competitive compensation packages and a culture that thrives on creativity and individuality. Health, Dental, Financial offered (ESPP and RRSP matching); Bonus and relocation assistance also offered.

More about our location: https://www.ea.com/careers/careers-overview/edmonton","Debugging , animation , video , match , character",https://ca.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e918f699df7a19ae,e918f699df7a19ae,indeed,Electronic Arts developer
new,Software Engineer in Test - Frostbite (Contract),Electronic Arts,"Vancouver, BC",2020-01-13,"Frostbite is the one engine for Electronic Arts and through our unique development process, we aim to produce a functional, reliable, usable and high-performance product for our game developers.

As a prospective employee, we wish to provide you with personal and career growth through constructive feedback, and to present you with the opportunity to collaborate with talented people situated across the globe. To help you on your journey, there will be opportunities for training courses internally and externally so that you may strengthen your skill sets.

As a Software Engineer in Test for Frostbite, you will partner with the QA team to define, design, build, and implement tools and solutions to empower our team to raise the bar in Quality on Frostbite. You will get to propose your ideas on automation approach, apply creative solutions, and offer suggestions on and build tools that you believe can empower your QA counterparts.

EA has thousands of Frostbite users worldwide so every automated test and tool you write, every optimization you apply, and every problem you solve has wide, positive impacts. You will develop an in-depth understanding of product designs, use the Frostbite tools to create unique automated tests, formulate test strategies for implementation and integration of technologies, and will think laterally to identify requirements, roadblocks, or efficiencies that your QA partners may not be considering.

Being a Software Engineer in Test for Frostbite is more than just coding  its about supporting your QA peers and growing with your colleagues. As an integral and unique part of the team, you will create and deploy technical testing and test automation where yesterdays best practices are not necessarily tomorrows solutions. You will debug problems, breathe new life into technical dead-ends, and work with the QA team to ensure existing and new features run smoothly and work effectively.

Responsibilities

Build tools to empower the QA team.
Foster working relationships with QA partners and other stakeholders. Proactively ensure their evolving needs are met.
Interpret requests from your QA partners, account for and call out any roadblocks or efficiencies your partners may not be considering, and ultimately propose and apply your creative or technical solutions.
Write automated tests to cover existing and new test scenarios.

Desired Skills:
Proficient in at least one coding language (Python, C++, C#, Java, other.)
Ability to prioritize and multi-task across competing demands.
Ability to take ownership of project requirements without constant supervision.
Ability to context switch, learn new systems and in-house tools.
Familiarity with any source control, debuggers, and other software development tools (e.g. Perforce, Visual Studio, etc) .

Bonus Points for...

Understanding of build systems, continuous integration, unit tests, automated functional tests, and testing frameworks.
Any testing and QA experience.
Experience with SQL, Python, C#, or C++.

Experience Required:
2+ years of applied coding experience.","Java , C# , Python , C++ , SQL , testing , optimization , build , process , automation , get",https://ca.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=9cd54ffca30405e3,9cd54ffca30405e3,indeed,Electronic Arts developer
new,BioWare: Senior Outsource Producer,Electronic Arts,"Edmonton, AB",2020-01-13,"At BioWare, our mission is to create worlds of adventure, conflict, and companionship that inspire you to become the hero of your story. Our teams drive innovation using cutting-edge tech and tools such as the Frostbite engine and collaborate with thousands of world-class developers across EAs network of studios. We are passionate about games and their potential as a creative medium to reach and inspire people through emotion, artistry, and engaging storytelling. If you share this passion, this is an amazing opportunity to help shape the next generation of gaming.

BioWare is seeking a creative and passionate Senior Outsource Producer who can help us turn our growing outsourcing team into a robust and comprehensive department that supports our projects in all aspects of development. Going well beyond the outsourcing of game assets, this role will allow you to flex your creative muscle as you look for ways to add value to our projects and studio.

Key Responsibilities

Work closely with project leadership to define and execute creative strategies for outsource and co-development that enhance our products and improve quality, cost-effectiveness, and/or risk mitigation.
Build a wide variety of partnerships to deliver art, animation, UX, programming, cinematics, levels, and more.
Manage a team of outsource managers to ensure effective, consistent communication between development partners and internal teams.
Lead your team in finding new partners and new ways to make outsourcing and co-development work for us.

Qualifications

Extensive experience with managing outsource and/or co-dev relationships, ideally involving a variety of disciplines.
Willingness and ability to travel internationally.
Excellent written and verbal communication and strong emotional intelligence skills.
Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills; able to work on complex problems where analysis of situations requires an in-depth evaluation of various factors with minimal guidance.
Highly developed relationship-building skills in a multicultural and geographically diverse environment.
10+ years of experience in game development; the ideal candidate will have several years of experience working with outsourcers or co-dev partners.

Whats in it for you? Glad you asked!

The opportunity to work and learn from a world-class games studio making world-class games. We are a culture that thrives off creativity and individuality. At EA, we live the work hard/play hard credo every day.

More about our location: http://careers.ea.com/our-locations/edmonton

Katie Bieber: kbieber@ea.com

EA is an equal opportunity employer. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, genetic information, religion, disability, medical condition, pregnancy, marital status, family status, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal records in accordance with applicable law. EA also makes workplace accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities as required by applicable law.","animation , expression",https://ca.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d3d2afda01fe10f7,d3d2afda01fe10f7,indeed,Electronic Arts developer
new,"Software Engineer, Frostbite - C++",Electronic Arts,"Vancouver, BC",2020-01-13,"SOFTWARE ENGINEER II

We are Frostbite

Frostbite is EAs state-of-the-art, multi-platform game development engine. We empower creators to shape the future of gaming and we achieve this by developing creative engine features and excellent tools. Our talented team from across the globe is dedicated to building new technology and working closely with each other to ship amazing games. Frostbite powers some of the most stunning games in the industry along with a deep player experience.

The Challenge Ahead:
The Frostbite team develops tools and runtime technologies to promote the highest quality animation for Frostbites developers and users across EA worldwide. We work with our game team partners to develop our solutions and work in an agile way.

You will be a part of a team that has passion for pushing technology and supporting teams while having fun. We are looking for someone who can quickly familiarize themselves with multiple technologies and works well with others.

Key Responsibilities:
Develop high-quality tools and runtime technologies
Follow Agile methodologies as defined by the team
Follow engineering best practices as defined by the team
Communicate with team members and those on other teams to ensure speedy resolution of issues

Required Experience:
At least several months of software engineering experience in the gaming industry, including rendering, graphics programming, experience with tools
Proficient in C++
Software development experience with Tools
Low-level code optimization experience a plus
Machine learning/AR/VR experience/knowledge a plus
Experience developing on Agile teams
Ability to pass coding challenge
Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics or related field or equivalent experience
English is the required language of work

Desirable Skills and Expertise:
Experience developing animation tools
A background in high-quality deliverables and sustainable development practices including automated tests
Demonstrated ownership for success of internal customers
Maya/Motion builder experience

Benefits:
We are proud of the great perks we offer like comprehensive health and benefit packages, tuition reimbursement, pension with company match and, of course, free video games. We offer great compensation packages and a culture that enjoys creativity and individuality.

Health, Dental, Financial offered (ESPP and RRSP matching); Relocation assistance also offered.

Eligible for salary increases, bonuses, and restricted stock units at our discretion

More about our location: http://careers.ea.com/our-locations/burnaby-eav

Contact me: Charrese Edwards, chedwards@ea.com 650-628-5842

Address: Electronic Arts (Canada), Inc., 4330 Sanderson Way, Burnaby, BC V5G 4X1

Salary offered: $90,000 to $100,000

Full-time, permanent position

EA is an equal opportunity employer. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, genetic information, religion, disability, medical condition, pregnancy, marital status, family status, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. EA also makes workplace accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities as required by applicable law.","animation , optimization , video , graphics , background , runtime , match , expression , rendering , field",https://ca.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=04e6e08315fc852b,04e6e08315fc852b,indeed,Electronic Arts developer
new,Software Programmer - C++,Electronic Arts,"Vancouver, BC",2020-01-18,"Were EA the worlds largest video game publisher. Youre probably familiar with many of our titlesFIFA, Battlefield, Madden, Battlefront, The Sims, Need for Speed, Plants vs Zombies and Star Wars Galaxy of Heroes, to name a few. But maybe you dont know how were committed to creating games for every platformfrom social to mobile to consoleto give our consumers that anytime, anywhere access they demand. What does that mean for you? It means more opportunities to unleash your creative genius, be inspired by those around you and ignite your path in any direction you choose.

ROLE OVERVIEW

Tasked with envisioning and executing on tools and technologies that drive world-class quality is our Central Development Services (CDS) team at Electronic Arts. This group is on the forefront of emerging technologies and tools that enable our teams to create and code better and more efficiently. Working as one team they are pushing the envelope and evolving the Quality function, designed to be nimble, innovative and preventive, rather than solely detective.

We are looking for an experienced Software Developer to join our team and help reinvent the way EA collects and leverages data related to our development process. This engineer will have the opportunity to redefine workflows across EA, with their work touching every single member of our development and quality teams daily work, on every EA title. But our work is just getting started, and this developer will have the chance to be innovative, with the opportunity to not only define the technologies that expand and grow our existing framework, but also invent their own, as our work has been patented multiple times in the past.

The role requires a personality type that is outgoing, dynamic, enthusiastic and able to network across of groups and individuals to be part of a larger community. Join us and help redefine the way EA makes games.

AS A SOFTWARE ENGINEER YOU WILL:
Develop and maintain automation, tools and services for multiple projects.
Write and maintain scalable, testable, versioned, and documented code.
Perform code reviews and be willing to pair and mentor other team members regularly.
Maintain tools, integration, and technologies to support highly reliable environment.
Monitor tools/service usage and assess return on investment.
Own all aspects of a tool or service, working with customers and technical leads to achieve the companys strategic goal.
Understand and follow standard software engineering processes and best practices for requirements, design, implementation and testing.
Report regular status against assigned tasks and proactively identify project risks and issues.
Monitor customer satisfaction and escalate any issues or improvement opportunities.
Continuous, front-line communication with all customers.
Set realistic milestones and work towards successful completion.
Contribute to the companys engineering strategies and initiatives.
Where applicable, integrate systems and tools into partner or production game code in a controlled, professional manner.

YOU WILL NEED:
A minimum of 4+ years of technology industry experience, including a minimum of 2+ years of experience developing client-server applications, web applications and/or services. Experience with .NET (ASP.NET, .NET MVC, .NET Core, etc.) and C# development Experience with C++ development, particularly in client-server applications. Experience with unit and functional test design and implementation, particularly in distributed systems environments. Bachelors degree or higher in Computer Science, Engineering or Software Engineering or equivalent combination of education and experience. Ability to work independently with minimal outside supervision with a focus on solving complex problems across multiple systems. Ability to multi-task, prioritize and be flexible  able to adapt plans and react to change, capable of delegating responsibility and triage to other engineers on their team as a leader. A strong desire to innovate and learn, move quickly, and be experimental in solutions.

BONUS POINTS FOR:
Experience working with unit testing frameworks like xUnit and Moq a strong plus Experience working with distributed systems and familiarity with distributed computing concepts (message queues, service discovery, containerization, etc.) is a plus Experience developing multi-threaded or concurrent systems a plus Experience or desire to learn functional programming concepts through languages such as Scala, F#, Erlang, or others is a plus Experience with Video Game, Real-time System or Embedded Software development is a plus","C# , C++ , Scala , function , testing , web , join , Join , video , Video , mobile , dynamic , service , process , automation",https://ca.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6a556812792c98ca,6a556812792c98ca,indeed,Electronic Arts developer
new,Game Security Data Analyst - FIFA (contract),Electronic Arts,"Vancouver, BC",2020-01-13,"Overview

There are millions of FIFA players generating billions of events every day. We are using the high-volume data streams to detect and anticipate Security threats and issues as soon as they occur. The Game Security Data Analyst will be a key member of the FIFA Security Team. They will be tasked with supporting the Security Data Scientists by ensuring stakeholders are able to receive and understand relevant information in a timely manner that will help keep FIFA safe and secure.

We are looking for a data analyst at the center of the FIFA Security teams operation. The candidate should be able to adopt a security mindset to predict the adversaries moves and ensure the right data is available to detect them.

D eliverables:
Analyze data to support business decisions and security operations
Develop business intelligence and reporting solutions
Communicate findings, issues and trade-offs to stakeholders

Required Experience:
Proficiency with SQL and no-SQL databases.
Ability to think and solve complex data problems in a maintainable and scalable fashion
Knowledge and experience with data gathering, analysis, and visualization tools

Nice to Have Experience:
Undergraduate degree in STEM or a relevant discipline
Familiarity with Big Data tools such as Splunk, Hadoop, Spark, etc.
Familiarity with machine learning and statistical approaches to data analysis
Exposure to Security in areas such as software security and a good understanding of security data, attack vectors and more
Experience with Visualization tools and libraries such as Tableau, SAS VA, Matplotlib, etc.
Experience with AWS ecosystem and tools
Familiar with games and the gaming industry is a plus

About EA

Its not easy building the worlds best digital playground. Its hair-standing-up-on-end-exhilarating. Its down-in-the-trenches-challenging. Its stroke-of-brilliance-at-midnight creative. Its youtaking risks, challenging yourself, pursuing ideas, changing the way millions of people do something they love: Play. Were EAweve been making games for decades but you wouldnt know that walking through our studios. Were still buzzing with the same innovative spirit we began with, though weve learned enough to earn our rank as a leading developer, publisher and distributor of the worlds best games. What began as a small group of people determined to put real life in a box has become 8,000-people strong, worldwide organization delivering on that very dream.

Whether youre plotting a course for SpyMouse on your mobile or your palms are sweaty from clutching your controller during intense games of FIFA 20, chances are youve played an EA game. And if you havent, well, what are you waiting for? In an industry thats changing every daywhether its through new social channels, advancing technology, new audiences or unique opportunities for monetizationEA is positioned for growth thanks to smart business plans, strategic acquisitions, and most importantly, our creative people around the world who gather each day to unite the world through play. We take that last part very seriously, so if what youre reading excites you as much as it does us, we invite you to get to know us better.","SQL , security , Security , Matplotlib , Hadoop , events , mobile , controller , get , SAS , key",https://ca.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=53e9620c917394e0,53e9620c917394e0,indeed,Electronic Arts developer
new,BioWare: QA Project Manager,Electronic Arts,"Edmonton, AB",2020-01-13,"At BioWare, our mission is to create worlds of adventure, conflict, and companionship that inspire you to become the hero of your story. Our teams drive innovation using cutting-edge tech and tools such as the Frostbite engine and collaborate with thousands of world-class developers across EAs network of studios. We are passionate about games and their potential as a creative medium to reach and inspire people through emotion, artistry, and engaging storytelling. If you share this passion, this is an amazing opportunity to help shape the next generation of gaming.

This is a temporary full-time, contract position, no relocation assistance, local candidates only. We thank all applicants, however, we will only be contacting short-listed candidates.

BioWare Quality Assurance acts as a quality gauge during development, testing not only the product but the processes we use to create our games.

What a QA Project Manager (Contract) does at BioWare :
The QA Project Manager and team are accountable for defining and delivering the QA project planning, requirements and deliverables for multiple BioWare titles. You will collaborate with partner program managers to establish schedules, define budgets and ensure the creation of test coverage and project metrics. A QA PM will play a critical role in defining and implementing critical knowledge transfer and the overall communication process with internal and external game teams. They will work embedded within the Development organization or on a central/shared group, drive continuous improvement of the QA practice across EA and actively knowledge share across the organization, have a strong Quality mindset from a consumer perspective, and be a strong advocate and influencer in game design and implementation decisions.

Role Description:
QA Project Managers must possess both a solid project management background and strong people management skills. Most of your time will be focused on ensuring that project deliverables are being completed on time and within budget while maintaining BioWares high standard of quality. Additionally, you will focus on continually improving the operational efficiency and effectiveness of the QA effort by assessing current quality assurance practices and incorporating new QA strategies. You will work on department level initiatives as well as operational efficiency initiatives.

You will also spend time managing a direct staff of project leaders and mentoring/supporting junior level leadership within the department. Monitoring performance and delivering measurable feedback to direct reports is an essential function of this role. Embrace the challenge of mentoring and supporting a team of direct reports, and contributing to the development of their careers. Establishing effective working relationships within the QA department, the QA project team and the outside business partners are critical to success in this role.

Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
Manages a development team which generally consists of Project Leads, QA Designers, and Analysts.
Works with BioWare game feature development teams to lock down requirements and specifications.
Anticipates bottlenecks, provide management escalation and prioritization, make trade-offs, balance the business needs versus technical constraints, and drive partner engagement.
Identifies task-related processes to improve efficiency
Focuses on immediate team and identifies team issues and suggests solutions related to execution goals.
Provides regular status reporting and capacity plan updates.
Tracks and implements project improvement plans to drive team efficiency.
Defines engagement practices and processes: Ensure all workflow is clearly defined, processes are documented, and staff trained in expectations on the workflow.
Mentors individual contributors within project team
Ensures direct reports have professional development plans and conducts regular one-to-ones.

What skills does EA look for?

An QA Project Manager is expected to have at a minimum: 3 years of experience in a software development environment, 2 years Project Management or Project Lead experience, and 1-2 years of leadership experience

Bachelors degree in any number of related fields including Computer Science, Game Production/Development, Business, etc..
Excellent knowledge of production life cycle, tools, processes and executions planning.
Experience in a Scrum / Agile software development environment.
Proficient with MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint
Experience working on console development would be a plus
Demonstrated experience in working with broad cross-functional teams.
Strong negotiation, mediation and conflict resolution skills
Effective communication skills across all levels of an organization
Hands on experience with our RPG titles (Anthem, Dragon Age, Mass Effect) is a plus.

Whats in it for you? Glad you asked!

We realize it takes world-class people to make world-class games, we offer competitive compensation packages and a culture that thrives on creativity and individuality.

More about our location: http://www.bioware.com/studios/bioware-edmonton/","Excel , performance , function , testing , process , background , console , include , embedded , position , constraints , focus",https://ca.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=de3f2c2de175006a,de3f2c2de175006a,indeed,Electronic Arts developer
new,BioWare: Technical Artist (Performance),Electronic Arts,"Edmonton, AB",2020-01-13,"At BioWare, our mission is to create worlds of adventure, conflict, and companionship that inspire you to become the hero of your story. Our teams drive innovation using cutting-edge tech and tools such as the Frostbite engine and collaborate with thousands of world-class developers across EAs network of studios. We are passionate about games and their potential as a creative medium to reach and inspire people through emotion, artistry, and engaging storytelling. If you share this passion, this is an amazing opportunity to help shape the next generation of gaming.

What the Technical Artist will do at BioWare:
Responsibilities:
Own and set the standards for performance and memory specs for characters, environments, visual effects Work with programmers, artists and designers to establish metrics, workflows around performance management to ensure that the game operates within established targets Provide feedback for artists and other content creators on performance-related metrics

Qualifications:
4+ years of experience in the industry Strong communication skills Good understanding of game rendering and lighting Solid understanding of 3D modeling and world-building Experience with animation is a plus Experience with python and/or tools development is a plus

Whats in it for you? Glad you asked!

We are proud of the great perks we offer like comprehensive health and benefit packages, tuition reimbursement, pension with company match and, of course, free video games. And since we realize it takes world-class people to make world-class games, we offer competitive compensation packages and a culture that thrives on creativity and individuality. Health, Dental, Financial offered (ESPP and RRSP matching); Bonus and relocation assistance also offered.

More about our location: https://www.ea.com/careers/careers-overview/edmonton","python , performance , animation , memory , video , 3D , set , match , rendering",https://ca.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=9fb3bcee141b8ff6,9fb3bcee141b8ff6,indeed,Electronic Arts developer
new,BioWare: Character Artist,Electronic Arts,"Edmonton, AB",2020-01-13,"Senior Character Artist

At BioWare, our mission is to create worlds of adventure, conflict, and companionship that inspire you to become the hero of your story. Our teams drive innovation using cutting-edge tech and tools such as the Frostbite engine and collaborate with thousands of world-class developers across EAs network of studios. We are passionate about games and their potential as a creative medium to reach and inspire people through emotion, artistry, and engaging storytelling. If you share this passion, this is an amazing opportunity to help shape the next generation of gaming.

Responsibilities:
Work alongside artists, designers, and writers to create industry-leading characters and creatures for BioWare Work with external development teams to ensure a high-quality standard of 3D art Iterate and provide feedback on character and creature workflows and tools to maximize efficiency for the project

Qualifications:
4+ years of experience in the industry Advanced skills in Maya, ZBrush, Substance Designer, Photoshop Experience working closely with external art vendors Solid understanding of character and creature anatomy A degree in Fine Arts, Animation, Graphic Design, or related diploma Experience leading a small or medium team is a plus

Portfolio:
All submissions must include a strong portfolio showing personal and/or professional artwork

The opportunity to work and learn from a world-class games studio making world-class games. We are a culture that thrives off creativity and individuality. At EA, we live the work hard/play hard credo every day.

More about our locations:
https://www.ea.com/careers/careers-overview/edmonton","Animation , 3D , include , character , Character",https://ca.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=06d854d22d9b0161,06d854d22d9b0161,indeed,Electronic Arts developer
new,BioWare: Environment Artist,Electronic Arts,"Edmonton, AB",2020-01-25,"Environment Artist

At BioWare, our mission is to create worlds of adventure, conflict, and companionship that inspire you to become the hero of your story. Our teams drive innovation using cutting-edge tech and tools such as the Frostbite engine and collaborate with thousands of world-class developers across EAs network of studios. We are passionate about games and their potential as a creative medium to reach and inspire people through emotion, artistry, and engaging storytelling. If you share this passion, this is an amazing opportunity to help shape the next generation of gaming.

Responsibilities:
Work closely with artist and designers to build the most compelling, immersive worlds in the industry Iterate on level layouts throughout all phases of production Set the tone and artistic direction through visual prototypes Lead change to address workflow challenges and technical difficulties

Qualifications:
4+ years of experience in the industry Expert at 3D modeling (organic and hard surface) Ability to model and create textures, materials for modular environments and props Strong skills in Maya, ZBrush, Substance Designer, Photoshop Experience world-building with commercial game engines Solid understanding of PBR Experience with world-building tools such as World Machine is a plus Experience with photogrammetry is a plus

Portfolio:
All submissions must include a strong portfolio showing personal and/or professional artwork

The opportunity to work and learn from a world-class games studio making world-class games. We are a culture that thrives off creativity and individuality.

More about our locations:
https://www.ea.com/careers/careers-overview/edmonton","build , model , 3D , Set , include , textures",https://ca.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=935c55dbc16d3315,935c55dbc16d3315,indeed,Electronic Arts developer
new,Source Control Engineer,Electronic Arts,"Vancouver, BC",2020-01-13,"We are EA

And we make games  how cool is that? In fact, we entertain millions of people across the globe with the most amazing and immersive interactive software in the industry. But making games is challenging. Thats why we employ the most creative, passionate people in the industry.

The Challenge Ahead

This exciting role offers you the opportunity to work on Enterprise applications, with a focus on Source Control Management systems. You will have the chance to become a domain expert for key applications used in game development, including Perforce and GitLab. You will work with game teams such as FIFA, Madden, Battlefield and Battlefront, and central teams such as Frostbite and Origin. You have a focus on innovation and leverage a deep passion for technology.

Key Responsibilities

Be an expert as part of a product team to engineer high-volume, high transaction source control management applications, for use by game development teams across the entire global enterprise
Participate in all aspects of a service end-to-end, including design, implementation, support, vendor relations and customer interaction
Use expertise in multiple domains to provide technical leadership
Collaborate with network, database, storage and system engineers to develop scalable solutions and solve complex problems
Be an escalation point for support engineers, providing leadership and guidance
You will drive improvement; may include design, definition of roadmaps, standardization of processes and methodologies
Work with the game teams to ensure their needs are captured and requirements are met
Manage the relationship with vendors, including sourcing, evaluation, and escalation
Exhibit creativity and resourcefulness while collaborating and working with outstanding designers, engineers of different technical backgrounds, architects and service owners

Skills Required

Bachelors degree or equivalent IT qualifications
7+ years experience deploying, configuring and supporting Enterprise applications
7+ years deep expertise with Linux administration and scripting
5+ years of experience with virtualization and cloud platforms (e.g. VMware, Azure, or AWS); Preferred AWS or Azure certifications
3+ years experience managing source control management systems such as Perforce, Git or Azure DevOps Server
3+ years experience with Databases such as Microsoft SQL Server, Postgres or MySQL
1+ years experience with using source control as a software developer
Ability to conduct complex systems problem analysis and guide teams towards speedy resolution
Experience working in an Agile environment
Experience developing automation solutions using tools like Chef, Puppet, Ansible, or Terraform is an asset
Experience in container technologies like Docker and Kubernetes is an asset
Application experience with JIRA is an asset","SQL , Linux , database , Git , Azure , Docker , Kubernetes , service , Server , automation , Ansible , GitLab , include , key , cloud",https://ca.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5efd1a47e8eb727a,5efd1a47e8eb727a,indeed,Electronic Arts developer
new,BioWare: Cinematic Animation Lead,Electronic Arts,"Edmonton, AB",2020-01-13,"At BioWare, our mission is to create worlds of adventure, conflict, and companionship that inspire you to become the hero of your story. Our teams drive innovation using cutting-edge tech and tools such as the Frostbite engine and collaborate with thousands of world-class developers across EAs network of studios. We are passionate about games and their potential as a creative medium to reach and inspire people through emotion, artistry, and engaging storytelling. If you share this passion, this is an amazing opportunity to help shape the next generation of gaming.

What the Cinematic Animation Lead will do:
Responsibilities:
Work with animation, narrative and art leadership to define and deliver on the vision and quality bar of cinematics Create and implement cinematic animation using mocap, pcap, keyframe, and in-engine tools Act as a leader for the animation team, and provide mentorship and guidance Provide in-person and visual feedback in the form of art reviews, paintovers, and at-desk conversations Collaborate with writing, story art, character art, level design, lighting, VFX, audio, programming, and production Partner with a variety of external vendors to create the highest quality animation in the industry

Qualifications:
Strong traditional animation skills and the ability to apply them to cinematic systems Strong facial animation skills and experience with performance capture Experience leading medium to large teams to success Experience working closely with external art vendors High level of proficiency in Maya or similar software 6+ years of related industry experience would be preferred. The ideal candidate has experience in the full development cycle of AAA gaming. A degree in Fine Arts, Animation, Graphic Design, or related diploma

Portfolio:
All submissions must include a portfolio showing personal and/or professional artwork

Whats in it for you? Glad you asked!

The opportunity to work and learn from a world-class games studio making world-class games. We are a culture that thrives off creativity and individuality. At EA, we live the work hard/play hard credo every day.

Katie Bieber: kbieber@ea.com","performance , animation , Animation , audio , include , character",https://ca.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f18d628238a1fcfd,f18d628238a1fcfd,indeed,Electronic Arts developer
new,"Software Engineer - C#, .NET",Electronic Arts,"Vancouver, BC",2020-01-13,"Software Engineer, Game Development Applications Services

We are EA

And we make games  how cool is that? In fact, we entertain millions of people across the globe with the most amazing and immersive interactive software in the industry. But making games is challengin. Thats why we employ the most creative, passionate people in the industry.

The Challenge Ahead

This is a technical role in the Game Development Application Services team and offers a recognized expert the opportunity to participate in the envisioning, designing and building of a variety of enterprise-level solutions to support Application Lifecycle Management for EAs video games and central services teams. Your work will involve the creation of the solution architectures that will incorporate custom, COTS and packaged applications together with integrations with products such as Slack, JIRA, Perforce, GitLab. These solutions are built upon a cloud-first philosophy and use public cloud services from leading providers such as Azure, AWS and Google. Coupled with the power of the cloud, you will lead small agile teams to architect, design and engineer applications to support thousands of current users.

You will have the chance to work with game teams across the entire organization, including FIFA, Madden, Battlefield and Battlefront, and central teams such as Frostbite and Origin. You have a focus on innovation and use a deep technical background and experience. You will contribute to the roadmap, architecture and technical and business delivery of multiple software applications.

Key Responsibilities

Enterprise-level solution experience:
You will contribute across an entire project lifecycle, which includes gathering requirements from key technical leaders, creating a vision and strategy, presenting to leadership, developing the product roadmap, ensuring projects are on track and completed on time, managing communication with all stakeholders, and collaborating with the development team
You will participate in the proposed service end-to-end, including design, implementation, support, vendor relations and customer interaction
You will manage the relationship with vendors if applicable, including sourcing, evaluation, and escalation

Coding , language, architectural design, testing and support:
Develop solutions as part of the game development application services portfolio that are modular, portable, testable and reliable
Drive usage of coding best practices and standards; Participates in code reviews and provides constructive feedback on design and implementation to help others improve coding skills
Oversee support and administrative actions related to the installation and maintenance of production systems, while also engineering solutions that require minimal support
Leverage the cloud where appropriate, utilizing automation, cloud computing and configuration as code

Job qualifications and requirements

8+ years of experience developing enterprise level solutions
7+ years of source control management experience including advanced concepts like branching strategies and developer workflows
7+ years of experience with enterprise SDLC/ALM tools, such as JIRA, Perforce, Artifactory, and Jenkins
7+ years of experience with automated build pipelines, continuous integration, and continuous deployment
7+ years of experience of working with standard Microsoft.NET web development tools including C#, ASP.NET MVC, HTML 5+, CSS3+, JavaScript, WCF, REST API, jQuery
7+ years of experience in database development
3+ years of experience with virtualization and cloud platforms (e.g. VMware, Azure, or AWS); Preferred AWS or Azure certifications

Additional requirements

Good understanding of various project management models (specifically Agile)
Experience developing automation solutions using tools like Chef, Puppet, Ansible, or Terraform is an asset
Experience in container technologies like Docker and Kubernetes is an asset
Experience with Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning is an asset","JavaScript , C# , HTML , database , Azure , REST , API , Docker , WCF , testing , web , video , Kubernetes , service , build",https://ca.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e4bd12abd6f0d846,e4bd12abd6f0d846,indeed,Electronic Arts developer
new,Senior UX Designer,Electronic Arts,"Vancouver, BC",2020-01-13,"UX DESIGNER
EA Canada
Were looking for an accomplished UI/UX Designer to join an established team of developers working on a successful AAA live service competitive shooter.
We are looking for someone who will embrace and contribute to our team culture and share your hard earned expertise to create the user interface and experience for our players. Were picturing someone who is passionate about UI functionality and UX design, and who can create the flow to help guide our players through attractive but clear menus and options to create a seamless, easy to navigate gaming experience.
What youll do...
Guide the creation of the best pathways to guide players through menus and options easily.
Work with all disciplines  code, art, design, audio, animation, FX  to create optimal UI/UX.
Find new ways to advocate for improving the design of the UI tool set & workflow.
Establish best UX design practices for the team and lead by example.
Ideally , you will have
5+ years' professional experience in game design.
A portfolio with examples of finished UX/UI work and insight into your development process.
A passion for games and understand what is outstanding UX across multiple genres.
Understand the connections between UI functionality and UI aesthetics, and how to enhance outcomes for the benefit of gamers.
Strong technical skills and comfortable with getting into the guts of a game.
The ability to analyze metrics or other feedback methods to evaluate and improve your work post-launch.","animation , join , audio , methods , service , interface , set",https://ca.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=870c9e0405ac982d,870c9e0405ac982d,indeed,Electronic Arts developer
new,EA Sports - FIFA - Producer,Electronic Arts,"Vancouver, BC",2020-01-13,"FIFA is seeking a Producer with game development experience to join an established team of developers working on the number one selling console title. This is an opportunity to join an outstanding team and help drive innovation and execution on our biggest title in a beautiful studio.
The Role: Producer
As a Producer on the team you will be responsible for partnering with team leaders to help guide the creation, execution, and quality of features on a daily basis. Youll be involved in development, from the early concept stages through production and final stages.
At EA Vancouver, Producers are the bridge between the design team and project managers, effectively owning what features we build, ensuring they are at the right level of quality, and ultimately owning the final delivery to our players. You need to drive team culture by initiating, fostering, maintaining, and managing others towards positive working relationships with partners who are critical to both current and future development process. You must be a great team player and help form a stimulating and fun work environment.

Key Responsibilities:
Be a key member of the leadership team, directing the day-to-day development through production and the launch of the game and live service.
Manage and mitigate project risks over the course of development and execution of the live service.
Be the voice of the players, and clearly explain their expectations to the team.
Work closely with production, art, design, and engineering leads to drive quality, communication and coordination.
Work with the development directors to manage the project schedule, milestones and sprint deliverables.
Work with art, engineering, QA and design teams to ensure the overall quality and timeliness of all deliverables and that deliverables are built to easily support a live service.
Partner with central service teams including publishing, marketing, finance, legal, consumer insights, and product analytics.
Partner with artists and user experience designers on best design practices across a wide variety of devices.
Plan out product roadmaps for both short and long term features, aligning with the broader goals of FIFA and EA.

Who You Are:
An experienced producer with 6+ years of experience in a game production or tech role.
Analytically minded, getting the data you need to support your ideas and drive your decisions.
A passionate gamer who plays regularly and likes to share your gaming experiences with others. Being a fan of football and FIFA is a huge asset, but not a requirement.
A master of influence, helping others understand and become passionate about what is required to build great features.
Familiar with scrum and agile development concepts, both within small teams and larger organizations.
Able to partner with engineering teams to understand the technical implementation on how features will be built and any risk to the project.
Results oriented, able to easily distill down to what is most important, and create plans for removing obstacles and distractions.
A skilled mediator and resolver of conflicts, able to help people and teams with opposing points of view come together and align on objectives and solutions.
Constantly out on the floor engaging with various members of the team to understand what is working, what is of concern, and what needs to be improved.
A great communicator, both directly with the team building features and content, but also upward to leadership about status, risks, and challenges.
A great teammate, someone who brings a positive attitude to the workplace... we make games after all!

What's In It For You:
Not only do you get to work on one of the worlds most successful games, but you get to work at one of the worlds great studios in one of the worlds great cities. EAs Burnaby campus has its own football pitch, volleyball court, inside and outside basketball courts, a large gym, 2 coffee shops, onsite car wash, hairdresser, tailor, physiotherapists, an arcade and a horde of amazing and friendly people. We are proud of the great perks we offer like comprehensive health and benefit packages, tuition reimbursement, and pension with company match and, of course, free video games.","join , video , service , view , build , process , get , console , key , match",https://ca.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a754b5b361ba5100,a754b5b361ba5100,indeed,Electronic Arts developer
new,Build & Release Engineer - FIFA (Contract),Electronic Arts,"Vancouver, BC",2020-01-13,"We Are EA

We entertain millions of people across the globe with the most amazing and immersive interactive software in the industry. But making games is hard work. Thats why we employ the most creative, passionate people in the industry.

Responsibilities:
FIFA Ultimate Team is looking for someone passionate about making developers lives easier through automation and configuration management. Were a high performing team of developers working on live online services which deliver features to our games 24/7. These application services are written in Java and use MySQL databases. Youll improve automation by updating existing software and systems, as well as developing new technologies or using open source technologies to make things better for our development teams. Additional responsibilities will include software configuration management and ensuring the code lines are safe and maintained.

Required Skills:

1+ years programming experience in at least one of the following languages: C, C++, C#, or JAVA
Experience with at lease one scripting language (Groovy, Python, Perl, Ant, etc..)
1+ years proven work experience doing software development
Conceptual knowledge of automated build systems such as Maven, Jenkins, Build Forge or equivalent
Proven knowledge with Change Management, Version Control, Dependency Management systems
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Ability to work both individually and collaboratively in a team environment
Good understanding of software development processes and best practices
Ability to break down complicated problems into manageable components and work well in time-critical situations
Quick learner, willing to be trained and gain new skills

Key Accountabilities


Develop, optimize and maintain our build automation systems and scripts
Manage our SCM system, providing support and advising other team members
Incorporate and implement new technologies and methodologies into our pipeline
Provide configuration management expertise to the Product Development team
Documentation and training

Nice to Have Skills


Experience with Perforce
Experience with Maven
Experience with Jenkins or Hudson
Experience with ANT/NAnt
Knowledge of Java and SQL

Whats in it for you? Glad you asked!

We love to brag about our great perks like comprehensive health and benefit packages, tuition reimbursement and, of course, free video games. And since we realize it takes world-class people to make world-class games, we offer competitive compensation packages and a culture that thrives off creativity and individuality. At EA, we live the work hard/play hard credo every day.","Java , C# , Python , C++ , MySQL , C , Maven , Perl , Jenkins , video , build , Build , automation , configuration , Ant",https://ca.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=2b959b83c7a40782,2b959b83c7a40782,indeed,Electronic Arts developer
