status,title,company,location,date,blurb,tags,link,id,provider,query
new,Python Developer,Fivesky,"Baltimore, MD",2020-02-08,"Are you passionate about cybersecurity? Are you programming with Python on the backend? Do you want to work for a highly skilled team of engineers that are doing both? Then you could be Fivesky's next Python Developer

Who you are:

3+ years of Backend Python Development
Graduated with a Bachelor's or Master's Degree in Computer Science or a related discipline.
Background in Cybersecurity highly desired

What you've done:

Software development
Worked with REST APIs, and some JSON
You have experience with GIt or other version control
Developed applications and have worked throughout the SDLC
Worked with Splunk or other tools to analyze large data sources
Had responsibility for a complex project

What you will do:

Working with a team of Cyber experts and developers to build tools in order to help automate response times and improve efficiency
Web development
Work with frameworks lie Django/Flask
Data frameworks (Kafka)
Proficient in other languages like JavaScript or Scala
Any SQL or NoSQL database experience

Interpersonal Skills:

Strong interpersonal skills like being a team player and an effective collaborator with many different types of audiences.
Independent problem-solving and self-directing abilities.
Self-driven and flexible with high motivation.
Ability to multitask and handle multiple projects.
Ability to practice tolerance and professionalism in times of high stress.
Strong presentation and writing skills.

At Fivesky, our employees are our greatest asset and the focal point around which we operate; therefore, we always want the best for our employees. In addition to offering competitive compensation plans and long-term career opportunities, we offer an attractive mix of benefit plans to our employees that include provisions for vacation, holiday pay, and sick days.

Fivesky is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regard to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.

This is a full-time, direct employment opportunity in New York. The salary is open based on experience and qualifications.","JavaScript , Python , SQL , database , GIt , REST , types , build , frameworks , NoSQL , include , version",https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4963846c27b508e8,4963846c27b508e8,indeed,Fivesky developer
new,Salesforce Developer,Fivesky,"New York, NY",2020-01-29,"Have you been a Salesforce Administrator for a few years and feel that you could be developing interesting Salesforce solutions, integrating 3rd party tools, and modifying existing applications? Are you a self-driven individual that thrives in an ever-changing global environment? Then Fivesky is looking for you - our next Salesforce Developer/Admin.

Who we are:
Fivesky is a service provider within the technical financial industry that focuses on all things IT. From our cybersecurity resell business to our project management-as-a-service-teams, we are all bound together under one simple mission ""Work Hard, Play Hard"".

We have a fully stocked kitchen, daily Nerf wars, and some really ok-ish people whose goal is to push the envelope on how global organizations receive their tech services.

We're looking for a confident Salesforce Developer/Admin who is going to join our team to automate and develop Salesforce, integrate 3rd party tools and modify existing applications to benefit our growing needs.

Who you are:

Graduate with the degree in Information Technology, Computer Science or a related discipline.
5+ years of Salesforce development and configuration experience.
Implemented Lightning in the past.

What you've done:

Exceptional knowledge of Ajax, Visualforce, Lightning component frameworks, triggers, and, Salesforce APIs.
Strong experience with workflows, validation rules, Lightning Flow, sales process setup, roles & profiles, reports, and dashboards.
Good understanding of the capabilities and constraints of the Salesforce application and business processes.
Proven database experience writing queries in SQL.
Experience building, scalable, and high-performance software systems.
Experience writing business requirements documents.
Engineering/development background.

What you will do (the serious stuff):

Design solutions and own the engineering, testing, release, and support of Salesforce.
Integrate Salesforce with 3rd party applications.
Understand workflows and design, code and deliver solutions.
Work with multiple stakeholders to deliver solutions that are highly usable, scalable, extensible, and maintainable on the Salesforce platform.

At Fivesky, our employees are our greatest asset and the focal point around which we operate; therefore, we always want the best for our employees. In addition to offering competitive compensation plans and long-term career opportunities, we offer an attractive mix of benefit plans to our employees that include provisions for vacation, holiday pay, and sick days.

Fivesky is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regard to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.

This is a full-time, direct employment opportunity in New York City. Salary is open based on experience and qualifications.","Ajax , database , validation , testing , join , service , process , triggers , configuration , frameworks , include , Salesforce , constraints",https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=8f0646792db87d52,8f0646792db87d52,indeed,Fivesky developer
new,Security Engineer,Fivesky,"New York, NY",2020-02-06,"Fivesky is looking for a highly motivated and talented Security Engineer to join a fast-paced, dynamic, and challenging environment.

As the Security Engineer, your responsibilities will include, but are not limited to, the following:


Perform Source code analysis on the applications that are in production phase and in pre  production phase.
Ensure the implementation of secure SDLC across the organization.
Eliminate the false positives within the application that were generated when automation is performed.
Perform manual code reviews to identify the vulnerabilities within the application.
Train Developers on how to implement Secure SDLC and provide guidelines for secure coding.
Prepare and Present documentation to the higher management.
Ensuring security policy requirements are properly applied to applications throughout the entire development life cycle.
Ensuring business units understand security policy requirements and factor them in to their activities.
Create and maintain partnerships across software engineering, application infrastructure and TIR.
Apply a risk-based approach to address issues and vulnerabilities found in both production and pre-production applications.

Qualifications:

Bachelor's Degree Required in Computer Science or Information Technology .

Skills & Experiences:
You possess strong conceptual knowledge and demonstrate in-depth understanding of the following:


Responsible to collaborate and build positive relationships across multiple stakeholders.
Agile thinking and analysis that leads to win-win and innovative solutions for the firm.
Work on various industry audit standards including PCI-DSS, SSAE-16 and FFIE.
Prepare and present reporting to management.

Interpersonal Skills:

Good interpersonal skills like being a great teammate and effective collaborator with many different types of audiences.
Independent problem-solving and self-directing abilities.
Ambitious and flexible with high motivation.
Ability to multitask and handle multiple projects.
Ability to practice tolerance and professionalism in times of high stress.
Strong presentation and written skills.

Our employees are our greatest asset and the focal point around which we operate; therefore, we always want the best for our employees. In addition to offering competitive compensation plans and long-term career opportunities, we offer an attractive mix of benefit plans to our employees that include provisions for vacation, holiday pay, and sick days.

We are an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regard to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.

This is a full-time, direct employment opportunity in New York City. Salary is open based on experience and qualifications.","security , Security , join , dynamic , types , build , automation , include",https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7e7d365bd3427f9e,7e7d365bd3427f9e,indeed,Fivesky developer
