status,title,company,location,date,blurb,tags,link,id,provider,query
new,FrontEnd Software Engineer,wepay,"Redwood City, CA 94063 (Downtown area)",2020-01-13,"We are passionate about building great software and looking for like-minded individuals who share this passion and who are continuously looking to learn and grow. In this impactful role you will work closely with customers and engineering teams to deliver cutting edge user-interfaces and dashboards that enable our innovative payment system and services to be utilized by some of the biggest and fastest-growing software companies in the world.

Our development is done in the cloud, using JavaScript, React / Redux, SASS, Webpack, etc
What We Are Looking For
Expertise in JavaScript, CSS, and HTML5
Experience using modern front-end tools such as React, Redux, SASS, webpack, jest, etc.
Ability to work in the full-stack (comfortable switching between the front and back-end)
Experience with LESS or SASS
Restful API design and implementation
Working knowledge in Python or Java
An open-minded and flexible nature with pragmatic problem solving approaches
The ability and willingness to take complete ownership over a feature, bug or entire project and drive it to completion
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science and/or equivalent development experience
What To Expect In Our Interview: We want to see your problem-solving and analytical skills. Be prepared to write good, clean, scalable code. You dont need to know our entire stack, but were looking for practical experience and someone who can solve production problems in the cloud.

About WePay

WePays mission is to make commerce seamless. Our products help software companies integrate payments into their applications  thereby empowering small businesses and individuals to get paid easily and quickly using their go-to apps and software. Our customers include BigCommerce, GoFundme, Meetup and Freshbooks, just to name a few. By joining forces with JPMorgan Chase, a global financial services firm with over $2.5 trillion in assets that serves millions of customers worldwide, WePay is now able to connect our customers seamlessly into a range of banking services beyond payments. WePay is a unique place to work and offers the best of both worlds. WePay has a FinTech startup culture that emphasizes transparency, collaboration and career growth, with the ability to work on small, nimble teams. However, now combined with the power of JPMorgan Chase, employees are also able to create change at scale and have an opportunity to truly disrupt and shape FinTech.

You can find more information at wepay.com

To all recruitment agencies: WePay does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, WePay employees, or any other company location. WePay is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.","JavaScript , Python , CSS , API , webpack , Webpack , Redux , SASS , get , find , stack , include , location , range , cloud",https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f2719d690ecdc670,f2719d690ecdc670,indeed,WePay developer
new,Technical Account Manager,wepay,"Redwood City, CA 94063 (Downtown area)",2020-01-13,"The Technical Account Manager (TAM) is responsible for providing post-sales technical support and consultation to our key partners. The TAM is the key point of contact for their partners and works across all internal functions to represent their needs and solve their pain points. The TAM will work closely with the Field Technical Services team, the Customer Delight agents and the Relationship Management team to ensure that the partner receives excellent service and successfully continues their relationship with WePay.

The position requires a tech-savvy candidate with a background in support and account management, and a track record of working with demanding enterprise customers.

What You Will Do
Working in conjunction with the Delight Partner Agents & API Product Support Agents - manage, escalate, and drive resolution of customers' technical support issues
Has a thorough understanding of our product, API and support issues  as necessary, has the ability to be in the queue and answer complex partner & merchant support tickets that relate to their partner accounts
Partners with the Field Technical Services team during the partner integration process to support post-launch ramp plans, monitor system stability, build the right support processes and participate in partner visits
Works with Supportability and Relationship Management to make partner support teams more effective and self-serve
Represents Customer Delight on partner calls with Relationship Managers, including reporting on Customer Delight SLAs
Lead the creation and maintenance of a list of partners open bugs and product requests
Work with Product Management, Risk and Relationship Managers to prioritize requests with the partner to achieve resolution
What We Are Looking For
3+ years experience with online payment processing preferred
Experience with and knowledge of RESTful APIs
Experience with SQL query statements
Experience working with bug tracking software in an Agile environment
Relevant technical support / account management experience
Experience troubleshooting production issues or supporting API
End-user support and documentation experience
Excellent communication skills. Diplomatic. Positive. Trusted.
Remarkable technical aptitude. Confident. Detailed. Correct.
Achieves results independently. Forward-looking. Proactive. Resourceful.
Ability to speak API in both partner-friendly and developer-friendly ways
Ability to travel as needed
About WePay

WePays mission is to make commerce seamless. Our products help software companies integrate payments into their applications  thereby empowering small businesses and individuals to get paid easily and quickly using their go-to apps and software. Our customers include BigCommerce, GoFundme, Meetup and Freshbooks, just to name a few. By joining forces with JPMorgan Chase, a global financial services firm with over $2.5 trillion in assets that serves millions of customers worldwide, WePay is now able to connect our customers seamlessly into a range of banking services beyond payments. WePay is a unique place to work and offers the best of both worlds. WePay has a FinTech startup culture that emphasizes transparency, collaboration and career growth, with the ability to work on small, nimble teams. However, now combined with the power of JPMorgan Chase, employees are also able to create change at scale and have an opportunity to truly disrupt and shape FinTech.

You can find more information at wepay.com

To all recruitment agencies: WePay does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, WePay employees, or any other company location. WePay is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.","SQL , list , API , service , build , process , get , background , find , queue , include , location , range , position , key",https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=bc3791703dd38a7b,bc3791703dd38a7b,indeed,WePay developer
new,Senior Software Engineer,wepay,"Redwood City, CA 94063 (Downtown area)",2020-01-13,"WePays APIs provides a flexible and robust payments system that seamlessly integrates into the software platforms of our customers while shielding them from fraud. Youll be working with some of the best engineers in the world on a number of end-to-end projects like building our data infrastructure, APIs and microservices from scratch.

Our stack is primarily based on Python and Java. We use Javascript, Bootstrap and AngularJS on the front-end and our databases comprise of Google BigQuery, MySQL, Redis, Google cloud data store.

Your work will impact millions of users and help create the worlds best SAAS payment system and fraud protection that will power some of the biggest and fastest growing online platforms in the world. We believe that businesses will increasingly accept payments through the software platforms they're already using to grow and manage their business. That's why we partner with companies like GoFundMe, Infusionsoft and FreshBooks to deliver integrated payment services to their users.
WHAT IS EXPECTED IN THE INTERVIEW?

We want to see your problem-solving and analytical skills. Be prepared to write good, clean, scalable code. You dont need to know our entire stack, but were looking for practical experience, someone who can solve production problems in the cloud. Our hiring processes might include:
Online Code ChallengeRecruiter Phone ScreenTechnical Phone Interview with an EngineerOn-site Interview

About WePay

WePays mission is to make commerce seamless. Our products help software companies integrate payments into their applications  thereby empowering small businesses and individuals to get paid easily and quickly using their go-to apps and software. Our customers include BigCommerce, GoFundme, Meetup and Freshbooks, just to name a few. By joining forces with JPMorgan Chase, a global financial services firm with over $2.5 trillion in assets that serves millions of customers worldwide, WePay is now able to connect our customers seamlessly into a range of banking services beyond payments. WePay is a unique place to work and offers the best of both worlds. WePay has a FinTech startup culture that emphasizes transparency, collaboration and career growth, with the ability to work on small, nimble teams. However, now combined with the power of JPMorgan Chase, employees are also able to create change at scale and have an opportunity to truly disrupt and shape FinTech.

You can find more information at wepay.com

To all recruitment agencies: WePay does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, WePay employees, or any other company location. WePay is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.","Javascript , Java , Python , MySQL , AngularJS , Redis , get , find , stack , include , location , range , cloud , microservices",https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c5272d8be5ca2642,c5272d8be5ca2642,indeed,WePay developer
new,Staff Software Engineer,wepay,"Redwood City, CA 94063 (Downtown area)",2020-01-13,"We are looking for witty, clever and experienced software engineers with a great sense of humor who have a knack for building things that are awesome. Our team is rapidly expanding as our transaction volume has more than tripled year-over-year and we are launching a number of crucial projects. Join now and make an immediate impact!

We are rapidly outgrowing our existing tech stack and working to rebuild our application on top of a brand new service-oriented architecture and need your help. Since we are working with real money writing efficient, maintainable and well-tested code is a must. We believe that great coders can adapt to whatever programming language they need to, whether its Java, Python, PHP, Javascript, C++, Scala, Ruby, or whatever it is thats hot this week.
What We Are Looking For
Minimum of 7 years of development experience
Be able to take complete ownership over a bug, feature, or entire project and drive it to completion. We have to trust that each of our team members can work independently because we hate micro-managing
Be open-minded, flexible, and have a pragmatic approach to solving problems. The payments industry can be baffling at times, so we value people who can persevere and continue to make progress with a positive attitude
Bachelor's Degree or Equivalent Years of Experience
Bonus If You Have
Knowledge or Experience with Java, Python or Scala
Front-end expertise including: HTML5, JavaScript, CSS, AngularJS
Back-end expertise with RDBMS and NOSQL databases, messaging and queuing systems, batch and scheduled tasks
Restful API design and implementation
Building highly available and distributed systems
Big Data experience including Hadoop, Storm, Kafka, etc.
Machine Learning and Modelling
Experience in Risk and Fraud Detection
Experience in payments and PCI compliance
Expertise in Security
Leadership experience
Prior open source experience, we love open source!
What Is Expected In The Interview?

We want to see your problem-solving and analytical skills. Be prepared to write good, clean, scalable code. You dont need to know our entire stack, but were looking for practical experience, someone who can solve production problems in the cloud. Our hiring processes might include:
Online Code ChallengeRecruiter Phone ScreenTechnical Phone Interview with an EngineerOn-site Interview

About WePay

WePays mission is to make commerce seamless. Our products help software companies integrate payments into their applications  thereby empowering small businesses and individuals to get paid easily and quickly using their go-to apps and software. Our customers include BigCommerce, GoFundme, Meetup and Freshbooks, just to name a few. By joining forces with JPMorgan Chase, a global financial services firm with over $2.5 trillion in assets that serves millions of customers worldwide, WePay is now able to connect our customers seamlessly into a range of banking services beyond payments. WePay is a unique place to work and offers the best of both worlds. WePay has a FinTech startup culture that emphasizes transparency, collaboration and career growth, with the ability to work on small, nimble teams. However, now combined with the power of JPMorgan Chase, employees are also able to create change at scale and have an opportunity to truly disrupt and shape FinTech.

You can find more information at wepay.com

To all recruitment agencies: WePay does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, WePay employees, or any other company location. WePay is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.","Javascript , JavaScript , Java , Python , PHP , C++ , CSS , Ruby , Scala , API , Hadoop , Join , architecture , get , NOSQL",https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=29b2e3bcfc479305,29b2e3bcfc479305,indeed,WePay developer
new,Senior Software Engineer - Mobile,wepay,"Redwood City, CA 94063 (Downtown area)",2020-01-13,"WePay is the payments partner to the platform economy. At a time when commerce increasingly flows through online platforms, we partner closely with these platforms to provide fully integrated payments and risk services so they can deliver the end-to-end user experiences they want without taking on the overhead they dont want. We process billions annually for platforms including GoFundMe, Meetup, Care.com, FreshBooks, and Constant Contact.

Were also proud to have cultivated an open, supportive culture that cares deeply about customers, employees, and technology.
What you will do
WePays APIs provides a flexible and robust payments system that seamlessly integrates into the software platforms of our customers while shielding them from fraud. Youll be working on our newly created mobile team (in all things mobile) on a number of end-to-end, from scratch Android and iOS projects.
Own parts of the companys software products and systems that require design, architecture, coding, and software development.
Design, build, document, release, and support multi-tier, scalable, and reliable full-stack software systems.
Focus on the companys iOS and Android product offerings, and drive innovation in the mobile payments space
Gather technical requirements, make architectural trade-off decisions, apply synchronous and asynchronous design patterns, write and review code, and deliver software products with speed and quality.
Produce high-quality software that is unit tested, code reviewed and checked in regularly for continuous integration.
What we are looking for
Education: Bachelors or Masters degree in Electrical Engineering, Electronic Engineering, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Computer Information Systems, or equivalent technical field of study.
Alternate to Education: 4+ years of experience as a Programmer, Software Developer, Software Engineer, or equivalent role
Employment Experience: 2 years of experience in an equivalent role.
Special Skills:
2 years of combined experience developing Mobile apps/frameworks for both iOS and Android
2+ years minimum of combined experience with Swift/Objective-C (iOS), and Kotlin/Java(Android)
1 year of combined experience with at least one of PHP, Java, Python, Ruby, Javascript
1 year of combined experience developing at least one of: APIs, Web apps/frameworks, Distributed Systems, Information Retrieval Systems

About WePay

WePays mission is to make commerce seamless. Our products help software companies integrate payments into their applications  thereby empowering small businesses and individuals to get paid easily and quickly using their go-to apps and software. Our customers include BigCommerce, GoFundme, Meetup and Freshbooks, just to name a few. By joining forces with JPMorgan Chase, a global financial services firm with over $2.5 trillion in assets that serves millions of customers worldwide, WePay is now able to connect our customers seamlessly into a range of banking services beyond payments. WePay is a unique place to work and offers the best of both worlds. WePay has a FinTech startup culture that emphasizes transparency, collaboration and career growth, with the ability to work on small, nimble teams. However, now combined with the power of JPMorgan Chase, employees are also able to create change at scale and have an opportunity to truly disrupt and shape FinTech.

You can find more information at wepay.com

To all recruitment agencies: WePay does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, WePay employees, or any other company location. WePay is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.","Java , Python , PHP , Android , iOS , Ruby , asynchronous , Web , mobile , Mobile , build , process , architecture , get , find",https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=34e7bae9722da500,34e7bae9722da500,indeed,WePay developer
new,Senior Application Security Engineer,wepay,"Redwood City, CA 94063 (Downtown area)",2020-01-13,"Are you looking for a high impact role where you would help build a secure and safer payment platform for millions of users? Are you a software engineer who enjoys security work focusing on systems security, network security, applications security and encryption technologies? Then the Senior Application Security Engineer with WePay is what you are looking for.

As Senior Application Security Engineer with WePay, this individual will help define and implement creative techniques to protect WePays critical assets against a constantly changing threat landscape. They will work closely with other engineering teams to assess the threat landscape as well as design and build security components for our platform such as encryption, key management, authentication, and security monitoring. This person who fills this role will have the opportunity to assess and improve security in emerging payment solutions such as mobile payment solutions.

Information Security at WePay is one of our highest priorities, therefore the ideal candidate will share a passion for engineering solutions to complex security problems while minimizing employee friction and maximizing productivity. They will help build security payment products and making sure that the data that we are trusted to protect is secured to the highest standard.
What You Will Do
Design and develop platform security solutions including encryption, key management, services, and systems security, authentication, security monitoring
Enhance the security posture of internal development tools and infrastructure
Take a leadership role in working across the company on security projects and provide security guidance on a constant stream of new projects and technologies
Enable the use of security features in a frictionless manner for other developers and customers
Responsible for developing security training and awareness for our software engineers
What We Are Looking For
3-5 years of security software engineering experience
Experience designing and implementing software systems including experience designing security solutions for operating systems, applications and distributed systems
Experience in systems security, cryptography, key management, network security, and applications security
Excellent analytical skills, organizational skills, ingenuity and the ability to work as part of a team
Advanced interpersonal skills to effectively promote ideas and collaboration at the various levels of the organization
Experience with Cloud Computing platforms (e.g. Amazon AWS, Microsoft Azure, OpenStack, Google Compute or App Engine, Hadoop, etc.)
Experience bootstrapping trust into large distributed systems
Understanding of Cloud-based authentication and key management
Deep knowledge of PKI-based systems and TLS deployments
Strong experience with TCP/IP networking and security concerns, including DDoS
Experience in Java, PHP, Python or other programing languages
About WePay

WePays mission is to make commerce seamless. Our products help software companies integrate payments into their applications  thereby empowering small businesses and individuals to get paid easily and quickly using their go-to apps and software. Our customers include BigCommerce, GoFundme, Meetup and Freshbooks, just to name a few. By joining forces with JPMorgan Chase, a global financial services firm with over $2.5 trillion in assets that serves millions of customers worldwide, WePay is now able to connect our customers seamlessly into a range of banking services beyond payments. WePay is a unique place to work and offers the best of both worlds. WePay has a FinTech startup culture that emphasizes transparency, collaboration and career growth, with the ability to work on small, nimble teams. However, now combined with the power of JPMorgan Chase, employees are also able to create change at scale and have an opportunity to truly disrupt and shape FinTech.

You can find more information at wepay.com

To all recruitment agencies: WePay does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, WePay employees, or any other company location. WePay is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.","Java , Python , PHP , Azure , security , Security , authentication , Hadoop , networking , encryption , mobile , build , get , stream , cryptography",https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5180628cbb3995aa,5180628cbb3995aa,indeed,WePay developer
new,Senior Site Reliability Engineer,wepay,"Redwood City, CA 94063 (Downtown area)",2020-01-13,"Do you enjoy working with a highly motivated and talented team to deliver mission critical software? WePay is growing our Embedded Site Reliability Engineer team to help play a crucial role in deploying and managing our best in breed service offering.

As a Site Reliability Engineer you will work directly with application developers to build and deploy a microservice based infrastructure to replace our current monolith implementation. The technology stack includes Google Cloud, Kubernetes, MySQL, Cassandra, MySQL, Elastic Search and Prometheus. You will be part of application scrum team where your focus will be on understanding the potential impact of changes as they go out to production, build tools to help debug and resolve problems in production and provide support to application engineers to implement infrastructure interfaces.

What Impact You Will Have

How well WePay will develop and deploy its applications will define how well we do as a company. You will drive impact through technical influence across the organization and play a critical role that includes greenfield microservices development of the monitoring and deployment infrastructure. You will be responsible for creating the security and trust that our applications are running in a safe, well thought out and reliable infrastructure. You will also ensure the ease of integration and management with the infrastructure, lends itself to rapid development and adoption. The work at WePay is fast paced but structured. Our goals are aggressive but we are also able to keep a good work/ life balance. We provide the chance to actively participate in open source projects and give back to the community at large.
What We Are Looking For
Know your way around a Unix shell
Can debug complex problems across the whole stack
Have experience designing, building, and operating large-scale productions systems
Experience with Python, Java, Scala or Go
Experience with open-source databases (MySQL, Postgres, Redis, or others)

About WePay

WePays mission is to make commerce seamless. Our products help software companies integrate payments into their applications  thereby empowering small businesses and individuals to get paid easily and quickly using their go-to apps and software. Our customers include BigCommerce, GoFundme, Meetup and Freshbooks, just to name a few. By joining forces with JPMorgan Chase, a global financial services firm with over $2.5 trillion in assets that serves millions of customers worldwide, WePay is now able to connect our customers seamlessly into a range of banking services beyond payments. WePay is a unique place to work and offers the best of both worlds. WePay has a FinTech startup culture that emphasizes transparency, collaboration and career growth, with the ability to work on small, nimble teams. However, now combined with the power of JPMorgan Chase, employees are also able to create change at scale and have an opportunity to truly disrupt and shape FinTech.

You can find more information at wepay.com

To all recruitment agencies: WePay does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, WePay employees, or any other company location. WePay is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.","Java , Python , MySQL , Scala , security , go , Unix , Search , Kubernetes , replace , service , deployment , build , Redis , Cassandra",https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e140c4149950173b,e140c4149950173b,indeed,WePay developer
new,Senior Software Engineer - Platform Infrastructure,wepay,"Redwood City, CA 94063 (Downtown area)",2020-01-13,"WePay is looking for a talented Senior Software Engineer to join team our Platform Infrastructure team. We have a transaction volume that is more than tripling year-over-year and were rapidly outgrowing our existing tech stack. This role is integral in facilitating the degree of success we can deploy and effectively manage the large number of new micro-services we are developing.

WePay is committed to building our new service mesh infrastructure using Docker and Kubernetes. We have the opportunity to build a new house while living in the house were in. We are looking for a senior software engineer who has solid experience developing deployment and management tools for micro-service based applications. This individual would be responsible for the build of the deployment pipeline from green field.

We need someone who can provide our development team members with best practices in terms of configuration management principles and Continuous Integration and Delivery pipeline best practices. The right engineer will help define and enforce requirements to promote engineer effectiveness and productivity as well as shape the future of the WePay development platform. They will be on the front lines of evaluating emerging technologies for adoption into the WePay development platform. They would be responsible for building a tools library to up-level common tasks, documenting code and procedures, etc.

What We Are Looking For
3 or more years of programming experience
Bachelor of Science Degree in CS or equivalent technical experience
Programming experience in Java, Python, Go and or equivalent
Solid understanding of modern software deployment and management techniques
Ability to work independently and as part of a team in a fast-paced dynamic environment with little supervisionExperience in microservice application deployments in terms of configuration, service discovery and availability
A strong Automation First mentality
Comfortable working and managing Unix and Linux systems
Knowledge of database systems including Mysql, Cassandra, Redis, HBase, etc
Virtualization expertise in cloud resource provisioning
Git Administration

About WePay

WePays mission is to make commerce seamless. Our products help software companies integrate payments into their applications  thereby empowering small businesses and individuals to get paid easily and quickly using their go-to apps and software. Our customers include BigCommerce, GoFundme, Meetup and Freshbooks, just to name a few. By joining forces with JPMorgan Chase, a global financial services firm with over $2.5 trillion in assets that serves millions of customers worldwide, WePay is now able to connect our customers seamlessly into a range of banking services beyond payments. WePay is a unique place to work and offers the best of both worlds. WePay has a FinTech startup culture that emphasizes transparency, collaboration and career growth, with the ability to work on small, nimble teams. However, now combined with the power of JPMorgan Chase, employees are also able to create change at scale and have an opportunity to truly disrupt and shape FinTech.

You can find more information at wepay.com

To all recruitment agencies: WePay does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, WePay employees, or any other company location. WePay is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.","Java , Python , Mysql , Linux , database , Docker , Go , Unix , join , Kubernetes , dynamic , service , deployment , build , Redis",https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=0caef25b53ae5e1d,0caef25b53ae5e1d,indeed,WePay developer
