status,title,company,location,date,blurb,tags,link,id,provider,query
new,Full Stack Web Developer,Aetna,"Austin, TX",2020-02-08,"Req ID: 64419BR

Job Description

Our Full Stack Web Developers have skills focusing on .Net, React, C#, MVC, JavaScript, and SQL. You will work alongside front and backend developers to accomplish your tasks. The applications our team creates revolve around Medicare Product and Membership Projects. Various tasks include creating or maintaining web applications, loading data, writing queries/procedures, and other tasks as assigned.

Fundamental Components included but are not limited to:

(*) Review data layouts/requirements.

(*) Experience developing n-tier applications using solid principles and dry principles.

(*) Excellent problem solving and analytical skills.

(*) Strong software design skills with an understanding of source control, preferably Git.

(*) Be comfortable working on multiple projects and able to switch between them when needed.

(*) Able to work with a team or independent on tasks when needed.

(*) Write queries or stored procedures as needed.

(*) Create packages to automate any needed actions.

(*) Ensure data consistency and accuracy

(*) Generate reports as needed.

(*) Enter tickets to deploy solutions.

(*) Other duties as assigned.

Qualifications Requirements and Preferences:

We are seeking candidates with a minimum of 3-5 years of experience with the below technologies:

Web Skills:

(*) Strong C# - all or most of the code is in C#

(*) Strong JavaScript ES5 and ES6

(*) Experience using ReactJs

(*) WebApi understanding

(*) MVC concepts

Backend Skills:

(*) Strong SQL Server skills

(*) T-SQL Query writing

(*) Stored procedure creation

Functional Skills:

Information Management - Database Design (Physical), Information Management - Object Relational Database Systems (ORDMS), Information Technology - Application development

Technology Experience:

Database - Microsoft SQL Server, Development Language - Microsoft TSQL/OSQL, Development Tool - Microsoft Visual Studio

Required Skills:

Benefits Management - Promoting Health Information Technology, Technology - Developing Competitive Technology and Architecture, Technology - Leveraging Technology

Desired Skills:

Technology - Developing Competitive Technology and Architecture, Technology - Developing Software Solutions, Technology - Leveraging Technology

Additional Job Information:

Web Skills:

+ Strong C# - all or most of the code is in C#

+ Strong JavaScript ES5 and ES6

+ Experience using ReactJs, Angular, or Vue

+ An understanding of jQuery understanding

+ WebApi understanding

+ MVC concepts

Backend Skills:

+ Strong SQL Server skills

+ T-SQL Query writing

+ Stored procedure creation

+ Data Modeling & Query Optimization

+ SSIS/SSRS

Benefit Eligibility

Benefit eligibility may vary by position.

Job Function: Healthcare

Aetna is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veterans status.","Stack , Web , .Net , C# , JavaScript , backend , Product , Membership , include , web , loading , writing , Components , Review , using , dry , projects , between , procedures , packages , any , consistency , Generate , Enter , Requirements , minimum , WebApi , SQL , Server , TSQL , procedure , Database , Object , Relational , Architecture , ReactJs , Angular , jQuery , Modeling , Action , orientation , identity , protected , ",https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=104&ao=400784&s=58&guid=00000170351eee3ca53bfee44b5da791&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&extid=1&exst=OL&ist=&ast=OL&vt=w&slr=true&cs=1_b8179fdd&cb=1581439184837&jobListingId=3486308518,3486308518,glassdoor,Aetna developer
new,Operations Analyst/ Application Developer,Aetna,"Kenner, LA",2020-02-07,"Informatics Cnslt/Lead

09-Jan-2020

Job Description

Leads the successful delivery of analyses and analytic solutions to meet business needs, interacting directly with internal and external clients and colleagues. May act as analytic team lead or mentor for complex projects involving multiple resources and tasks in support of company objectives.

Req#

67260BR

Job Group

Healthcare

Full or Part Time

Full Time

Supervisory Responsibilities

No

Percent of Travel Required

0 - 10%

Posting Job Title

Operations Analyst/ Application Developer

Potential Telework Position

No

Additional Locations

LA-Kenner

Primary Location (City, State)

LA-Kenner

EEO Statement

Aetna is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer

Resource Group

1

Fundamental Components

Performs applied statistical research and custom analysis of integrated healthcare data, interprets results, and makes recommendations based on analytic findings to business areas.Makes recommendations about data collection methods, metrics definition and evaluation methods.Presents analytic reports to clients and stakeholders.Defines and delivers analytical solutions in support of healthcare business initiatives that drive short and long term objectives.Collaborates with internal and external partners and organizations in the design and execution of analytic studies to answer business and research questions.Designs and conducts analyses and outcome studies using healthcare claims, pharmacy and lab data, employing appropriate research designs and statistical methods.Develops, validates and executes algorithms, statistical models and reporting tools that answer applied research and business questions for internal and external clients.Develops and participates in presentations and consultations to existing and prospective constituents on information services, capabilities and performance results.Stays informed about industry trends, research findings and evaluation methods.Turns analysis into business/customer solutions.Creates business applications to deliver clinical or analytic solutions to constituentsManages personal resources efficiently to achieve constituent satisfaction.Responsible for project commitments to quality and on-time deliverables.Ability to manage conflicting priorities and multiple projects concurrentlyWillingness to understand and probe into technical details.Contributes to a motivated work environment by working effectively to achieve common goals.Creates and evaluates the data needs of assigned projects and assures the integrity of the data.Under general direction, independently executes analyses or reports to meet project needs.May mentor other analysts.

Background Experience

Five or more years of health research, epidemiology or pharmaceutical industry analytic experience.Strong understanding of customers strategies, information needs programs, processes and products.Strong problem solving skills and critical thinking ability.Strong collaboration and communication skills within and across teams.Strong reporting skills using Excel, Access, Word and/or PowerPoint.Expert knowledge of clinical risk adjustment, multivariate analyses, epidemiology or health economics research methods.Advanced SQL and SAS programming abilities in data warehouse or big data analytics environment, including use of statistical analysis techniques or business intelligence application development.Well-versed in statistical model building and concepts, decision trees and classification rules, segmentation and cluster analysis.Knowledge of other reporting platforms such as: Business Objects, Microsoft Access, web development technology, big data analytics, data mining, Visual Basic.Understanding of relational databases, data systems and data warehouses.Knowledge of analytic programming tools and methods (SAS, SQL, OLAP, Business Objects, Crystal).Experience in working in a data warehouse environment as well as the ability to work with large data sets from multiple data sources.Demonstrated project management and/or team lead experience.Health care analysis, health economics, epidemiology, or health services research experience.Ability to communicate statistical and technical ideas and results to non-technical clients in written and verbal form.Able to make sound decisions and recommendations to drive business solutions.Demonstrated extensive and diverse knowledge of health care data, metrics, systems and standards; demonstrated subject matter expert in multiple subject areas.Masters degree preferred.Bachelor's degree in Mathematics, Economics, Statistics, Computer Science, Actuarial Science, Social Science, Healthcare or related discipline.

Benefits Program

Benefit eligibility may vary by position.

Candidate Privacy Information

Aetna takes our candidate's data privacy seriously. At no time will any Aetna recruiter or employee request any financial or personal information (Social Security Number, Credit card information for direct deposit, etc.) from you via e-mail. Any requests for information will be discussed prior and will be conducted through a secure website provided by the recruiter. Should you be asked for such information, please notify us immediately.","Stack , Web , .Net , C# , JavaScript , backend , Product , Membership , include , web , loading , writing , Components , Review , using , dry , projects , between , procedures , packages , any , consistency , Generate , Enter , Requirements , minimum , WebApi , SQL , Server , TSQL , procedure , Database , Object , Relational , Architecture , ReactJs , Angular , jQuery , Modeling , Action , orientation , identity , protected , internal , external , lead , resources , Location , analysis , methods , metrics , definition , evaluation , drive , short , term , execution , claims , models , reporting , performance , project , environment , integrity , direction , collaboration , communication , Excel , Access , Word , adjustment , economics , SAS , analytics , model , building , classification , rules , mining , relational , OLAP , communicate , subject , Economics , Statistics , Social , Privacy , privacy , time , request , financial , Security , Any , notify , ",https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=108&ao=433326&s=58&guid=00000170351eee3ca53bfee44b5da791&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&extid=1&exst=OL&ist=&ast=OL&vt=w&slr=true&cs=1_7c153734&cb=1581439184841&jobListingId=3459386206,3459386206,glassdoor,Aetna developer
new,Sr/Principal iOS Developer- Health Cloud~65802BR,Aetna,"Burlington, MA",2020-01-23,"Adv Softw Dev Engineer

26-Jan-2020

Job Description

Aetna Consumer Health & Products mandate is to transform health and wellness via products that enable consumer engagement and best-in-class experience. This team is responsible for Aetna's digital transformation and all digital products; as well as the development and execution of the digital roadmap. A key part of the responsibility is to build an integrated platform that enables the delivery of products to drive engagement and revolutionize health and wellness. We want you to be apart of the team that will build this next generation platform.

Leveraging your expertise in Big Data, IoT, Native Cloud Engineering, Machine Learning or Current Architectural Patterns, you will join the product team that will deliver the platform that will disrupt the healthcare industry and improve the lives of hundreds of millions of people. Aetna Digital is a highly energetic, highly collaborative team that operates as a startup within the Aetna Enterprise. We want you to bring forward your talent and expertise to drive the change the is desperately needed within the healthcare industry.

Come Join Aetna Digital!

Req#

65802BR

Job Group

CH & S Technology

Full or Part Time

Full Time

Supervisory Responsibilities

No

Percent of Travel Required

0 - 10%

Posting Job Title

Sr/Principal iOS Developer- Health Cloud~65802BR

Potential Telework Position

No

Additional Locations

MA-Burlington

Primary Location (City, State)

MA-Burlington

EEO Statement

Aetna is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer

Resource Group

2

Initiative Group

39

Additional Job Information

Dollar-for-dollar match up-to 5% of your 401(k) contributions! Health care (HSA/FSA), dental, vision benefits, PTO Gym / Showers A top of the line MacBook Pro Sit/stand desk Free Parking (Burlington, MA office)Aetna-sponsored refreshments, Friday lunches, etc.Tuition reimbursement Reimbursement also available for additional Certification, Training & Conferences

Fundamental Components

Aetna Digital is looking for a Senior/Principal iOS Developer with experience working in fast-paced startup like environment. A talented software development professional with a technical background and experience building excellent user focused solutions and who will contribute to the innovation and delivery of cutting edge application solutions.

If you're passionate about mobile platforms and translating code into user-friendly apps, we would like to meet you.

Fundamental Components:

The ideal candidate will be able to contribute to the delivery of software projects through their technical efforts effectively with cross functional and cross organization teams.

5+ years of modern software development frameworks that deliver world-class digital experiences for the consumer or enterprise spaces

Contributions of released applications on the App store

As a mobile developer, you'll collaborate on the development of complex systems; including requirements analysis, estimation, design and development, implementation and testing

Strong desire to build in test from the start with TDD development experience a plus

Desire to create awesome user experiences within the mobile space

Contribute to the implementation of product features and key technology choices

Passion for technology and a high technical aptitude

Promote proper implementation of Agile processes, techniques and principles

Excellent verbal and written communication skills

Experience with Agile/ SAFe Software Development Principles

Background Experience

2+ years Native iOS development

Proficient with Swift and Objective-C

Experience with multithreading programing

Experience with iOS frameworks such as Core Data, Core

Familiarity using Restful APIs and push notifications

Proficient understanding of code versioning tools such as Git

Experience/knowledge with CI/CD

iOS knowledge of HealthKit, WatchOS is a plus

Familiar with accessibility development practices in support of people with auditory, cognitive, neurological, physical, speech, and visual disabilities.

EDUCATION

Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience.

Benefits Program

Benefit eligibility may vary by position.

Candidate Privacy Information

Aetna takes our candidate's data privacy seriously. At no time will any Aetna recruiter or employee request any financial or personal information (Social Security Number, Credit card information for direct deposit, etc.) from you via e-mail. Any requests for information will be discussed prior and will be conducted through a secure website provided by the recruiter. Should you be asked for such information, please notify us immediately.","Stack , Web , .Net , C# , JavaScript , backend , Product , Membership , include , web , loading , writing , Components , Review , using , dry , projects , between , procedures , packages , any , consistency , Generate , Enter , Requirements , minimum , WebApi , SQL , Server , TSQL , procedure , Database , Object , Relational , Architecture , ReactJs , Angular , jQuery , Modeling , Action , orientation , identity , protected , internal , external , lead , resources , Location , analysis , methods , metrics , definition , evaluation , drive , short , term , execution , claims , models , reporting , performance , project , environment , integrity , direction , collaboration , communication , Excel , Access , Word , adjustment , economics , SAS , analytics , model , building , classification , rules , mining , relational , OLAP , communicate , subject , Economics , Statistics , Social , Privacy , privacy , time , request , financial , Security , Any , notify , Consumer , transform , consumer , This , digital , transformation , key , build , platform , this , next , IoT , Native , Cloud , join , product , Digital , startup , forward , Join , S , iOS , match , vision , line , Free , background , mobile , organization , frameworks , enterprise , requirements , estimation , implementation , TDD , Agile , Swift , multithreading , Core , push , versioning , HealthKit , WatchOS , accessibility , speech , equivalent , ",https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=119&ao=433326&s=58&guid=00000170351eee3ca53bfee44b5da791&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&extid=1&exst=OL&ist=&ast=OL&vt=w&slr=true&cs=1_8559fe28&cb=1581439184852&jobListingId=3401248690,3401248690,glassdoor,Aetna developer
new,Lead .Net Developer - Technical Evangelist - 65731BR,Aetna,"Buffalo, NY",2020-01-12,"Req ID: 65731BR

Job Description

Mold the future of software development. Meritain Health, an Aetna Company, is looking for a seasoned .NET developer to join our team as a technical evangelist. With a mix of technical skills, passion for continuous improvement, curiosity, creativity, and great people skills, you will be a key part of changing the way we create and deliver applications.

Meritain Health is undergoing a significant transformation. Having moved from waterfall to agile, from multi-month releases to daily, from manual testing to automated, we are investing in our people and our tech stacks to vastly improve our speed, quality, and customer satisfaction. The technical evangelist role understands how critical it is to adopt CI/CD, trunk-based development, branching by abstraction, and all the practices that are helping organizations make huge strides in delivery performance. This person will be responsible for teaching next-generation technical practices, setting development teams up for success, and helping to architect solutions that move teams into forward-thinking delivery models. While Meritain's development teams are busy delivering essential value for our customers, the Technical Evangelist is helping them level up their capabilities.

+ Serve as a thought leader: research new practices, try them out, and then bring them to the delivery teams with demos, reference applications, and lightweight documentation.

+ Craft operating procedures and best practices that will be rolled out across agile teams.

+ Forge relationships with developers, managers, and business stakeholders.

+ Change is hard, so this individual should expect to encounter resistance to change on a regular basis. A mindset of positivity, open-mindedness, and persistence is required.

This position is responsible for:

+ Understanding the technical details required to implement modern delivery practices, including continuous integration, continuous delivery, automated release/change management, automated provisioning, and automated testing (unit, component, integration, acceptance).

+ Working with IT teams (development, operations, support, etc.) to incrementally increase capabilities.

+ Continuously improving our capability models to ensure Meritain's long-term trajectory is in line with modern best practices.

+ Working in partnership with the DevSecOps Facilitator to implement improvements.

+ Developing a method for tracking technical improvement efforts for every team.

+ Broadcasting stories of success and learning.

+ Proactively and consistently providing updates on progress.

+ Tactfully and positively holding teams accountable for continuous improvement, working to understand barriers to progress and knocking them down.

+ Designing training opportunities (e.g. lunch and learns, skill builders)

+ Applying knowledge and experience to improve Meritain's future state.

+ Design and develop internal tools to help accelerate improvements.

Day-to-day, much of this position's time will be spent working to understand the unique needs of each IT team, and then encouraging, facilitating, and supporting those teams' improvement efforts from a technical perspective. This individual will need to make great relationships with developers, testers, product owners, scrum masters, and more.



Note: Interested candidates must be legally eligible to work for any US employer & not require visa transfer or sponsorship now or in the future.


Fundamental Components included but are not limited to:

Success in this position will require:

+ Significant development experience in a modern programming language.

+ Excellent written and verbal communication skills, including the ability to build effective workflow diagrams and value stream illustrations.

+ The ability to build and maintain relationships with individual contributors and IT managers

+ The ability to drop into a new team, quickly understand their work, and be able to facilitate productive conversations from the start.

+ The ability to understand new code bases and provide useful, specific guidance on how to improve.

+ A thorough understanding of DevOps concepts and practices or the willingness and ability to learn.

+ An interest in learning more about software security.

Qualifications Requirements and Preferences:

8+ years of .NET Framework, SQL Server, and IIS experience

Some experience with .NET Core preferred

Senior-level understanding of clean coding principles, design patterns, and delivery methodologies (CI/CD)

Senior-level experience architecting solutions for .NET applications

Involvement in all phases of the systems development life cycle.

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a related field, or equivalent work experience.

#LI-DI1

Functional Skills:

Information Technology - Application architecture, Information Technology - Application development

Required Skills:

Leadership - Anticipating and Innovating, Leadership - Collaborating for Results, Leadership - Developing and Executing Strategy

Desired Skills:

Technology - Leveraging Technology, Technology - Promoting Emerging Technology, Technology - Selecting and Applying Technology Solutions

Additional Job Information:

Knowledge of Industry Systems/Software Engineering processes and techniques.Strong leadership skills.Full technical knowledge of all phases of applications systems analysis and programming.Technical knowledge of various high level programming languages and program development software.In-depth knowledge of system and technology alternatives, as well as the system development life cycle.Extensive knowledge of the business area's function and systems.Ability to work effectively with business areas and IT management and staff.Strong judgment.Strong interpersonal and communication skills.

Benefit Eligibility

Benefit eligibility may vary by position.

Job Function: Information Technology

Aetna is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veterans status.","Stack , Web , .Net , C# , JavaScript , backend , Product , Membership , include , web , loading , writing , Components , Review , using , dry , projects , between , procedures , packages , any , consistency , Generate , Enter , Requirements , minimum , WebApi , SQL , Server , TSQL , procedure , Database , Object , Relational , Architecture , ReactJs , Angular , jQuery , Modeling , Action , orientation , identity , protected , internal , external , lead , resources , Location , analysis , methods , metrics , definition , evaluation , drive , short , term , execution , claims , models , reporting , performance , project , environment , integrity , direction , collaboration , communication , Excel , Access , Word , adjustment , economics , SAS , analytics , model , building , classification , rules , mining , relational , OLAP , communicate , subject , Economics , Statistics , Social , Privacy , privacy , time , request , financial , Security , Any , notify , Consumer , transform , consumer , This , digital , transformation , key , build , platform , this , next , IoT , Native , Cloud , join , product , Digital , startup , forward , Join , S , iOS , match , vision , line , Free , background , mobile , organization , frameworks , enterprise , requirements , estimation , implementation , TDD , Agile , Swift , multithreading , Core , push , versioning , HealthKit , WatchOS , accessibility , speech , equivalent , future , .NET , mix , continuous , Having , waterfall , agile , manual , testing , customer , role , abstraction , setting , move , Serve , out , reference , Forge , relationships , expect , persistence , position , details , required , integration , provisioning , operations , capability , tracking , Broadcasting , updates , progress , unique , each , scrum , require , visa , transfer , workflow , stream , DevOps , IIS , field , architecture , system , function , ",https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=120&ao=400784&s=58&guid=00000170351eee3ca53bfee44b5da791&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&extid=1&exst=OL&ist=&ast=OL&vt=w&slr=true&cs=1_13b869c5&cb=1581439184853&jobListingId=3452778950,3452778950,glassdoor,Aetna developer
new,Senior Software Engineer in Test (DevOps/ Infrastructure & Tools)~67981BR,Aetna,"Burlington, MA",2020-01-28,"Description: Aetnas mandate is to transform health and wellness via products that enable consumer engagement and best-in-class experience. This team is responsible for Aetnas digital transformation and all digital products; as well as the development and execution of the digital roadmap. A key part of the responsibility is to build an integrated platform that enables the delivery of products to drive engagement and revolutionize health and wellness. We want you to be apart of the team that will build this next generation platform.

Leveraging your expertise in Big Data, IoT, Native Cloud, Application Development, Machine Learning and Deep Learning, you will join a product team that is building disruptive cloud platform that will transform the healthcare industry and improve the lives of hundreds of millions of people. Aetna Digital is a highly energetic, highly collaborative team that operates as a startup within the Aetna Enterprise. We want you to bring your talent and expertise to drive the change the is desperately needed within the healthcare industry.

Come Join Aetna Digital!67981 Fundamental Components: Are you passionate about streamlining a rapid development and delivery process? Do you see the value in high-quality and performant automated solutions using technologies like Amazon Web Services (AWS), Ansible, Terraform, ec2, and Jenkins to build, test, integrate, and deploy enterprise applications? Does the thought of being on a team thats building a disruptive cloud platform which will transform the healthcare industry and improve the lives of hundreds of millions of people excite you? If so, we want to talk with you!

Aetna Digital is a highly energetic, highly collaborative team that operates as a startup within the Aetna Enterprise. We want you to bring your talent and expertise to drive the change the is desperately needed within the healthcare industry.

Aetna Digital is looking for a Senior Software Engineer in Test (DevOps/Tools & Infrastructure) to join our team in Burlington, MA. In this role, you will be a member of the Development Operations (DevOps) team and responsible for championing best practices for building and maintaining scalable, reliable and secure services with a quality mindset.

As a Senior Software Engineer in Test (DevOps/Tools & Infrastructure) you will be responsible for:

Testing and supporting the tooling necessary to automate release, deployment, testing, monitoring and operations activities using quality standards/best practices

Working with developers to optimize workflows and improve the cadence and quality of releases

Driving efficiency in QA processes and procedures

Coaching fellow team members to develop automation code with standard coding practices and reusable libraries

Creating and maintaining standard coding documentation.

Effective prioritization and communication along with a consistent track record of meeting commitments

Working in a fast-paced and collaborative team Background Experience:

Experience with orchestration and configuration frameworks such as Ansible, Terraform, Puppet or ChefExperience with scripting languages such as Python, Bash, Ruby or JavaScriptExperience deploying, monitoring and troubleshooting software in test and production environmentsExperience using continuous integration systems such as JenkinsExperience managing AWS services (VPC, EC2, S3, Lambda, etc.)Excellent written and verbal communication skillsExperience with test automation frameworks and methodsExperience with common Internet protocols (TCP/IP, SSL/TLS, HTTP, DNS)Experience with virtualization and containers (Docker or similar)Experience with a distributed highly available client/server systemStrong experience working in a Linux/Unix environmentAbility to troubleshoot complex systemsUnderstanding of Agile frameworks such as Scrum, Kanban and SAFe

EDUCATION

Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience. Additional Job Information: Dollar-for-dollar match up-to 5% of your 401(k) contributions!

Health care (HSA/FSA), dental, vision benefits, PTO

Gym / Showers

A top of the line MacBook Pro

Sit/stand desk

Free Parking (Burlington, MA office)

Aetna-sponsored refreshments, Friday lunches, etc.

Tuition reimbursement

Reimbursement also available for additional Certification, Training & Conferences Percent of Travel Required: 0 - 10% EEO Statement: Aetna is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer Benefit Eligibility: Benefit eligibility may vary by position. Candidate Privacy Information: Aetna takes our candidate's data privacy seriously. At no time will any Aetna recruiter or employee request any financial or personal information (Social Security Number, Credit card information for direct deposit, etc.) from you via e-mail. Any requests for information will be discussed prior and will be conducted through a secure website provided by the recruiter. Should you be asked for such information, please notify us immediately.","Stack , Web , .Net , C# , JavaScript , backend , Product , Membership , include , web , loading , writing , Components , Review , using , dry , projects , between , procedures , packages , any , consistency , Generate , Enter , Requirements , minimum , WebApi , SQL , Server , TSQL , procedure , Database , Object , Relational , Architecture , ReactJs , Angular , jQuery , Modeling , Action , orientation , identity , protected , internal , external , lead , resources , Location , analysis , methods , metrics , definition , evaluation , drive , short , term , execution , claims , models , reporting , performance , project , environment , integrity , direction , collaboration , communication , Excel , Access , Word , adjustment , economics , SAS , analytics , model , building , classification , rules , mining , relational , OLAP , communicate , subject , Economics , Statistics , Social , Privacy , privacy , time , request , financial , Security , Any , notify , Consumer , transform , consumer , This , digital , transformation , key , build , platform , this , next , IoT , Native , Cloud , join , product , Digital , startup , forward , Join , S , iOS , match , vision , line , Free , background , mobile , organization , frameworks , enterprise , requirements , estimation , implementation , TDD , Agile , Swift , multithreading , Core , push , versioning , HealthKit , WatchOS , accessibility , speech , equivalent , future , .NET , mix , continuous , Having , waterfall , agile , manual , testing , customer , role , abstraction , setting , move , Serve , out , reference , Forge , relationships , expect , persistence , position , details , required , integration , provisioning , operations , capability , tracking , Broadcasting , updates , progress , unique , each , scrum , require , visa , transfer , workflow , stream , DevOps , IIS , field , architecture , system , function , cloud , Amazon , Ansible , Terraform , Jenkins , integrate , which , member , Operations , scalable , release , deployment , monitoring , QA , members , automation , record , Background , orchestration , configuration , Puppet , scripting , Python , Bash , Ruby , deploying , production , Lambda , protocols , HTTP , virtualization , containers , distributed , Scrum , Kanban , ",https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=121&ao=187657&s=58&guid=00000170351eee3ca53bfee44b5da791&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&extid=1&exst=OL&ist=&ast=OL&vt=w&slr=true&cs=1_c69fda67&cb=1581439184854&jobListingId=3474163842,3474163842,glassdoor,Aetna developer
new,Sr. Front-End Developer - 66233BR,Aetna,"Wellesley, MA",2020-01-15,"Creative & Design Mgr

23-Jan-2020

Job Description

p.p1 {margin: 0.0px 0.0px 0.0px 0.0px; font: 10.0px Helvetica}WHO WERE LOOKING FOR

A Front-End Developer to join our Digital Experience team. This team is a part of Aetnas internal marketing & creative agency of 150+ folks (and growing!), and its mission is to design & deliver the optimal marketing experience for an Aetna member or provider partner, applying modern design thinking principles & methodologies to deliver a simple, pleasant and frictionless experience. We believe in thinking beyond our category when it comes defining a best-in-class digital experience, including in how we strategically explore emerging design & technology practices to determine how they might be leveraged to enhance the Aetna member experience. Ultimately, everything our team concepts we make, turning our ideas into testable things our end users can see, touch and interact with.

In service of this mission, the Front-End Developer is responsible for producing web pages, sites, HTML e-mails, digital presentations, clickable HTML / XHTML prototypes, animations and online interfaces within production deadlines and according to functional specifications.Req#

66233BR

Job Group

Marketing

Full or Part Time

Full Time

Supervisory Responsibilities

No

Percent of Travel Required

0 - 10%

Posting Job Title

Sr. Front-End Developer - 66233BR

Potential Telework Position

Yes

Additional Locations

MA-Wellesley

Primary Location (City, State)

MA-Wellesley

EEO Statement

Aetna is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer

Resource Group

2

Fundamental Components

p.p1 {margin: 0.0px 0.0px 0.0px 0.0px; font: 11.5px Helvetica}

p.p2 {margin: 0.0px 0.0px 0.0px 0.0px; font: 10.0px Helvetica}

span.s1 {color: #ff66ff}RESPONSIBILITIES

You understand technology and how it can be a facilitator of an end-users desired experience and are always on the lookout for applicable, emerging trends to share with the rest of the creative team

You excel in defining and designing animated HTML(5) banner ads, responsive HTML email, web pages, enhancements or web sites according to wire frames and/or functional specifications

You have all sorts of awesome tricks for creating and communicating the structure, logic, flow and navigation of creative concepts through compelling, interactive prototypes.

You excel in translating business requirements into effective, user-centric experiences

You ensure that web projects are produced accurately and on schedule, utilizing best practices, and meeting code reviews

You thrive in collaborating environments with design and development peers

You understand the importance of accessibility requirements and are diligent in ensuring that developed experiences are accessible by all audience types.Background Experience

p.p1 {margin: 0.0px 0.0px 0.0px 0.0px; font: 11.5px Helvetica}

p.p2 {margin: 0.0px 0.0px 0.0px 0.0px; font: 10.0px Helvetica}DESIRED QUALIFICATIONS, SKILLS & BACKGROUND

You have a strong knowledge of digital media channels & digital advertising requirements

You have a demonstrable familiarity working within enterprise CMS platforms (e.g., AEM, Sitecore, etc.) and a practical understanding of large-scale systematic thinking.

You have significant experience working with multi-disciplinary teams to successfully take digital projects through their full life cyclefrom concept to launch.

You understand the end user and can build simple, elegant solutions.

You think about why something needs to be built, not just what needs to be built.

You love to learn and develop new skills continuously in a tech stack deemed suitable for the project.

You are excited to work on testing a variety of product and project ideas either currently underway or conceived in the future.

You have a notable skill-set with 3+ years of experience developing web applications with a modern Javascript framework: React, Vue or Angular 2+ and fully understand MVC, components, state and routing.

You have a full understanding of core Javascript fundamentals and have experience shipping and maintaining browser-based applications.

You are proficient with HTML5 and CSS3.

You are an expert at SASS you can write mixins and SASS functions.

You understand webpack, grunt and bundling production-ready code.

You understand CI/CD.

You understand GIT on the command line.

You have a passion user interfaces and data visualizations.

NICE TO HAVES

Experience with CPU/WebGL libraries like three.js, WorldView, kepler.js etc.

Experience with WebAssembly.

Some backend experience with Docker and Kubernetes.

Experience with Wordpress

Experience with node.js including but not limited to creating secure, custom microservices.

EDUCATION

You have a Bachelors degree or equivalent combined with outstanding digital portfolio, plus at least 8 years experience in a digital marketing, digital agency or applicable product environment. The minimum level of education desired for candidates in this position is a Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience.Benefits Program

Benefit eligibility may vary by position.

Candidate Privacy Information

Aetna takes our candidate's data privacy seriously. At no time will any Aetna recruiter or employee request any financial or personal information (Social Security Number, Credit card information for direct deposit, etc.) from you via e-mail. Any requests for information will be discussed prior and will be conducted through a secure website provided by the recruiter. Should you be asked for such information, please notify us immediately.

#LI-DT1","Stack , Web , .Net , C# , JavaScript , backend , Product , Membership , include , web , loading , writing , Components , Review , using , dry , projects , between , procedures , packages , any , consistency , Generate , Enter , Requirements , minimum , WebApi , SQL , Server , TSQL , procedure , Database , Object , Relational , Architecture , ReactJs , Angular , jQuery , Modeling , Action , orientation , identity , protected , internal , external , lead , resources , Location , analysis , methods , metrics , definition , evaluation , drive , short , term , execution , claims , models , reporting , performance , project , environment , integrity , direction , collaboration , communication , Excel , Access , Word , adjustment , economics , SAS , analytics , model , building , classification , rules , mining , relational , OLAP , communicate , subject , Economics , Statistics , Social , Privacy , privacy , time , request , financial , Security , Any , notify , Consumer , transform , consumer , This , digital , transformation , key , build , platform , this , next , IoT , Native , Cloud , join , product , Digital , startup , forward , Join , S , iOS , match , vision , line , Free , background , mobile , organization , frameworks , enterprise , requirements , estimation , implementation , TDD , Agile , Swift , multithreading , Core , push , versioning , HealthKit , WatchOS , accessibility , speech , equivalent , future , .NET , mix , continuous , Having , waterfall , agile , manual , testing , customer , role , abstraction , setting , move , Serve , out , reference , Forge , relationships , expect , persistence , position , details , required , integration , provisioning , operations , capability , tracking , Broadcasting , updates , progress , unique , each , scrum , require , visa , transfer , workflow , stream , DevOps , IIS , field , architecture , system , function , cloud , Amazon , Ansible , Terraform , Jenkins , integrate , which , member , Operations , scalable , release , deployment , monitoring , QA , members , automation , record , Background , orchestration , configuration , Puppet , scripting , Python , Bash , Ruby , deploying , production , Lambda , protocols , HTTP , virtualization , containers , distributed , Scrum , Kanban , FrontEnd , provider , touch , service , sites , HTML , clickable , XHTML , share , rest , excel , animated , banner , ads , responsive , email , frames , structure , logic , flow , navigation , interactive , schedule , media , channels , AEM , Sitecore , take , concept , stack , either , Javascript , components , state , core , shipping , SASS , mixins , webpack , GIT , command , libraries , three.js , Docker , node.js , portfolio , ",https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=123&ao=433326&s=58&guid=00000170351eee3ca53bfee44b5da791&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&extid=1&exst=OL&ist=&ast=OL&vt=w&slr=true&cs=1_982c23d1&cb=1581439184863&jobListingId=3420086571,3420086571,glassdoor,Aetna developer
new,Senior Software Engineer - Server - 67363BR,Aetna,"Denver, CO",2020-02-08,"Description: Aetna Digital seeks to change the way individuals manage their healthcare by focusing on the features that matter to our customers, building software in a modern, lean way and deploying continuously into the cloud.

67363 Fundamental Components: In any given day you will:

Contribute code and tests according to criteria established by our Product Team.

Work with product to break down and plan sprint work to help us achieve our long-term goals.

Write infrastructure-as-code template (currently Cloudformation but moving to Terraform).

Monitor, troubleshoot and support out application in production.

Seek opportunities to improve the foundation of our code.

Learn new skills in terms of software development, engineering practices and cloud engineering. Background Experience: Required Experience:

Experience deploying and maintaining services in production serving millions of users.

Experience developing and deploying micro-services.

Experience translating large features into software designs.

An open mind about different solutions and willingness to discuss alternatives.

5+ years of Software Development experience.

3+ years of API development experience Desired:

Experience deploying and maintaining services on AWS, specifically ECS, ELB and RDS.

Experience with current stack (Ruby, Node, AWS, Docker). Additional Job Information: This position is office based in Denver, CO.

We have a creative and engaging team environment with my employee perks. Potential Telework Position: No Percent of Travel Required: 0 - 10% EEO Statement: Aetna is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer Benefit Eligibility: Benefit eligibility may vary by position. Candidate Privacy Information: Aetna takes our candidate's data privacy seriously. At no time will any Aetna recruiter or employee request any financial or personal information (Social Security Number, Credit card information for direct deposit, etc.) from you via e-mail. Any requests for information will be discussed prior and will be conducted through a secure website provided by the recruiter. Should you be asked for such information, please notify us immediately.

#LI-DT1","Stack , Web , .Net , C# , JavaScript , backend , Product , Membership , include , web , loading , writing , Components , Review , using , dry , projects , between , procedures , packages , any , consistency , Generate , Enter , Requirements , minimum , WebApi , SQL , Server , TSQL , procedure , Database , Object , Relational , Architecture , ReactJs , Angular , jQuery , Modeling , Action , orientation , identity , protected , internal , external , lead , resources , Location , analysis , methods , metrics , definition , evaluation , drive , short , term , execution , claims , models , reporting , performance , project , environment , integrity , direction , collaboration , communication , Excel , Access , Word , adjustment , economics , SAS , analytics , model , building , classification , rules , mining , relational , OLAP , communicate , subject , Economics , Statistics , Social , Privacy , privacy , time , request , financial , Security , Any , notify , Consumer , transform , consumer , This , digital , transformation , key , build , platform , this , next , IoT , Native , Cloud , join , product , Digital , startup , forward , Join , S , iOS , match , vision , line , Free , background , mobile , organization , frameworks , enterprise , requirements , estimation , implementation , TDD , Agile , Swift , multithreading , Core , push , versioning , HealthKit , WatchOS , accessibility , speech , equivalent , future , .NET , mix , continuous , Having , waterfall , agile , manual , testing , customer , role , abstraction , setting , move , Serve , out , reference , Forge , relationships , expect , persistence , position , details , required , integration , provisioning , operations , capability , tracking , Broadcasting , updates , progress , unique , each , scrum , require , visa , transfer , workflow , stream , DevOps , IIS , field , architecture , system , function , cloud , Amazon , Ansible , Terraform , Jenkins , integrate , which , member , Operations , scalable , release , deployment , monitoring , QA , members , automation , record , Background , orchestration , configuration , Puppet , scripting , Python , Bash , Ruby , deploying , production , Lambda , protocols , HTTP , virtualization , containers , distributed , Scrum , Kanban , FrontEnd , provider , touch , service , sites , HTML , clickable , XHTML , share , rest , excel , animated , banner , ads , responsive , email , frames , structure , logic , flow , navigation , interactive , schedule , media , channels , AEM , Sitecore , take , concept , stack , either , Javascript , components , state , core , shipping , SASS , mixins , webpack , GIT , command , libraries , three.js , Docker , node.js , portfolio , criteria , break , foundation , Required , API , ",https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=124&ao=55291&s=58&guid=00000170351eee3ca53bfee44b5da791&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&extid=1&exst=OL&ist=&ast=OL&vt=w&slr=true&cs=1_7acf4c2a&cb=1581439184864&jobListingId=3486386468,3486386468,glassdoor,Aetna developer
new,Associate Project Manager,AETNA,"Hartford, CT 06156",2020-01-31,"Description:

Leads the day-to-day activities of a business-sponsored IT project or some of its components (project or project components cost of less than $1 million) to deliver tasks on time, within budget, and within scope. Responsible for the success of the project or project component.
67795

Fundamental Components:

Responsible for leading, planning and managing a project to accomplish project objectives.
Ensures that project team members complete tasks and deliverables on time and that the project delivers promised business functionality.
Manages all key project governance documents.
Acts as the liaison between project team members and Business Sponsor to ensure that expectations and objectives are clearly understood by all parties, and to communicate project information including the status of deliverables, scope changes, and issues.
Proactively evaluates project activities, builds contingency plans, executes corrective action, and monitors issue resolution to mitigate risks.
Manages the scope of the project, and ensures that scope changes are reviewed and approved by the Business Sponsor and team Developers.
Adheres to APS project management methodology by leveraging and promoting the use of existing tools, capturing best practices, and identifying areas for process improvement.
Monitors and holds project resources accountable for meeting performance metrics.

Background Experience:

Ability to communicate effectively with all levels of management and education in a closely-related field, or equivalent combination of education and experience.

Potential Telework Position:

Yes

Percent of Travel Required:

0 - 10%

EEO Statement:

Aetna is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer

Benefit Eligibility:

Benefit eligibility may vary by position.

Candidate Privacy Information:

Aetna takes our candidate's data privacy seriously. At no time will any Aetna recruiter or employee request any financial or personal information (Social Security Number, Credit card information for direct deposit, etc.) from you via e-mail. Any requests for information will be discussed prior and will be conducted through a secure website provided by the recruiter. Should you be asked for such information, please notify us immediately.","Stack , Web , .Net , C# , JavaScript , backend , Product , Membership , include , web , loading , writing , Components , Review , using , dry , projects , between , procedures , packages , any , consistency , Generate , Enter , Requirements , minimum , WebApi , SQL , Server , TSQL , procedure , Database , Object , Relational , Architecture , ReactJs , Angular , jQuery , Modeling , Action , orientation , identity , protected , internal , external , lead , resources , Location , analysis , methods , metrics , definition , evaluation , drive , short , term , execution , claims , models , reporting , performance , project , environment , integrity , direction , collaboration , communication , Excel , Access , Word , adjustment , economics , SAS , analytics , model , building , classification , rules , mining , relational , OLAP , communicate , subject , Economics , Statistics , Social , Privacy , privacy , time , request , financial , Security , Any , notify , Consumer , transform , consumer , This , digital , transformation , key , build , platform , this , next , IoT , Native , Cloud , join , product , Digital , startup , forward , Join , S , iOS , match , vision , line , Free , background , mobile , organization , frameworks , enterprise , requirements , estimation , implementation , TDD , Agile , Swift , multithreading , Core , push , versioning , HealthKit , WatchOS , accessibility , speech , equivalent , future , .NET , mix , continuous , Having , waterfall , agile , manual , testing , customer , role , abstraction , setting , move , Serve , out , reference , Forge , relationships , expect , persistence , position , details , required , integration , provisioning , operations , capability , tracking , Broadcasting , updates , progress , unique , each , scrum , require , visa , transfer , workflow , stream , DevOps , IIS , field , architecture , system , function , cloud , Amazon , Ansible , Terraform , Jenkins , integrate , which , member , Operations , scalable , release , deployment , monitoring , QA , members , automation , record , Background , orchestration , configuration , Puppet , scripting , Python , Bash , Ruby , deploying , production , Lambda , protocols , HTTP , virtualization , containers , distributed , Scrum , Kanban , FrontEnd , provider , touch , service , sites , HTML , clickable , XHTML , share , rest , excel , animated , banner , ads , responsive , email , frames , structure , logic , flow , navigation , interactive , schedule , media , channels , AEM , Sitecore , take , concept , stack , either , Javascript , components , state , core , shipping , SASS , mixins , webpack , GIT , command , libraries , three.js , Docker , node.js , portfolio , criteria , break , foundation , Required , API , less , complete , expectations , status , scope , contingency , action , resolution , methodology , process , levels , ",https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ed0a4063e1b72852,ed0a4063e1b72852,indeed,Aetna developer
new,Junior .NET Developer,AETNA,"Phoenix, AZ",2020-01-12,"Description:

In AetnaMedicaid IT (a CVS Health company), this position supports the Utilization Management(UM) team, responsible for a portfolio of Medical Management systems, supporting more than 15 state Medicaid plans. As an Application Developer on an Agile team your primary focus is to deliver solutions on our iNotify correspondence system to meet business needs for both enhancements and new implementations. In this versatile DevOps role your skillset will also allow you to support the team as needed with story writing, QA testing, and close collaboration with Product Owners to understand the User Experience and design effective technology solutions. Team success will be measured by delivery of business-prioritized quality work on time and within budget.
59856

Fundamental Components:

Core
Responsibilities

Deliver at a high technical level of all phases
of application systems analysis, configuration, and programming

Independently design and/or code cost-effective
solutions

Perform unit testing. May be asked to perform or
assist with integration and system testing, or assist business partners with
User Acceptance Testing

With limited direction, supports the
implementation of software into production, including integration of purchased
solutions

Responsible for Code Asset Management for an
application or set of applications. Supports and promotes the reuse of assets
across the organization

Learn core business processes and be able to put
on a different hat, such as BA or QA, to assist all functions of the team

Champion the adoption of Agile best-practice and
work closely with the team and product owners to focus on the User Experience


Key Attributes

Strong knowledge of software design and
development best-practice

Attitude and desire to learn and perform in
multiple team roles as needed

Strong verbal and written communication skills
Strong work ethic and sense of urgency
Comfortable in a frequently changing,
deadline-oriented business environment

Ability to collaborate with others to identify inefficiencies
and process improvements. Embrace change and focus on continuous improvement





Background Experience:

Required
Experience
2+ years experience in application program
development, or an equivalent combination of education and work experience.
2+ years experience in systems analysis and
software/solution design
Practical experience in two or more of the
following programming languages, development tools, and/or databases: MS SQL,
SSIS, .NET, VB Script, Javascript, XML
Understanding of the systems development life
cycle (SDLC)
Experience with Development/Agile support
software packages such as Team City, Rally, Clarity, Jira, Rational
Understanding of software governance standardsBachelors degree in Computer Science or a
related discipline
Intermediate to advanced skills in Microsoft
Word, Outlook, Excel and PowerPoint

Desired
Experience
Experience working in the Health Insurance
industry
Experience working with Utilization Management
processes and tools
Experience working in a compliance-driven Medicaid
or Medicare organization
Understanding of Medicaid business functions
such as Provider Authorization, Care Management, Claims, Enrollment, or
HIPAA-compliant file formats
Knowledge of DevOps automation tools such as
Octopus, Team City, and Selenium

#LI-DI1

Additional Job Information:

Ability to work effectively with business areas and IT management and staff.
Good judgment.
Knowledge of the business area's functions and systems, and system and applications program development technological alternatives.
Good communication skills.

Required Skills:

Technology - Developing Software Solutions, Technology - Leveraging Technology, Technology - Selecting and Applying Technology Solutions

Technology Experience:

Aetna Application - Application Enabling Framework for .NET (AEFW), Database - Microsoft SQL Server

Potential Telework Position:

No

Percent of Travel Required:

0 - 10%

EEO Statement:

Aetna is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer

Benefit Eligibility:

Benefit eligibility may vary by position.

Candidate Privacy Information:

Aetna takes our candidate's data privacy seriously. At no time will any Aetna recruiter or employee request any financial or personal information (Social Security Number, Credit card information for direct deposit, etc.) from you via e-mail. Any requests for information will be discussed prior and will be conducted through a secure website provided by the recruiter. Should you be asked for such information, please notify us immediately.","Stack , Web , .Net , C# , JavaScript , backend , Product , Membership , include , web , loading , writing , Components , Review , using , dry , projects , between , procedures , packages , any , consistency , Generate , Enter , Requirements , minimum , WebApi , SQL , Server , TSQL , procedure , Database , Object , Relational , Architecture , ReactJs , Angular , jQuery , Modeling , Action , orientation , identity , protected , internal , external , lead , resources , Location , analysis , methods , metrics , definition , evaluation , drive , short , term , execution , claims , models , reporting , performance , project , environment , integrity , direction , collaboration , communication , Excel , Access , Word , adjustment , economics , SAS , analytics , model , building , classification , rules , mining , relational , OLAP , communicate , subject , Economics , Statistics , Social , Privacy , privacy , time , request , financial , Security , Any , notify , Consumer , transform , consumer , This , digital , transformation , key , build , platform , this , next , IoT , Native , Cloud , join , product , Digital , startup , forward , Join , S , iOS , match , vision , line , Free , background , mobile , organization , frameworks , enterprise , requirements , estimation , implementation , TDD , Agile , Swift , multithreading , Core , push , versioning , HealthKit , WatchOS , accessibility , speech , equivalent , future , .NET , mix , continuous , Having , waterfall , agile , manual , testing , customer , role , abstraction , setting , move , Serve , out , reference , Forge , relationships , expect , persistence , position , details , required , integration , provisioning , operations , capability , tracking , Broadcasting , updates , progress , unique , each , scrum , require , visa , transfer , workflow , stream , DevOps , IIS , field , architecture , system , function , cloud , Amazon , Ansible , Terraform , Jenkins , integrate , which , member , Operations , scalable , release , deployment , monitoring , QA , members , automation , record , Background , orchestration , configuration , Puppet , scripting , Python , Bash , Ruby , deploying , production , Lambda , protocols , HTTP , virtualization , containers , distributed , Scrum , Kanban , FrontEnd , provider , touch , service , sites , HTML , clickable , XHTML , share , rest , excel , animated , banner , ads , responsive , email , frames , structure , logic , flow , navigation , interactive , schedule , media , channels , AEM , Sitecore , take , concept , stack , either , Javascript , components , state , core , shipping , SASS , mixins , webpack , GIT , command , libraries , three.js , Docker , node.js , portfolio , criteria , break , foundation , Required , API , less , complete , expectations , status , scope , contingency , action , resolution , methodology , process , levels , CVS , Medical , focus , iNotify , set , roles , sense , identify , City , Rally , Jira , Outlook , Provider , Authorization , Claims , file , ",https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6bac84c763a6f072,6bac84c763a6f072,indeed,Aetna developer
new,Senior Front End Developer- Aetna Health ~66489BR,AETNA,"Burlington, MA 01803",2020-01-12,"Description:

Aetna's mandate is to transform health and wellness via products that enable consumer engagement and a best-in-class experience. This team is responsible for Aetna's digital strategy and all digital products; as well as the development roadmap and execution of the roadmap. A key part of this team is to build an integrated platform and underlying products to drive engagement and revolutionize health and wellness.

Aetna is taking on a major initiative to redesign and rebuild many of its customer facing digital assets. This effort will include a completely new approach to developing software within Aetna, using the latest design approaches, technologies, and processes. Aetna Digital is a newly formed startup like business unit within Aetna, which will design, build and deliver a completely new and integrated digital experience for our users.


Come Join Aetna Digital!
66489

Fundamental Components:

Aetna Digital is looking for Senior Front-End Developer (React/Redux) with experience working in fast-paced startup like environments. Aetna Digital is looking for talented software development professionals with deep technical backgrounds and experience building awesome user focused solutions. Experience working as part of a team is critical, with team leadership skills a plus. Aetna Digital is looking for developers who will drive forward innovation and help deliver cutting edge application solutions.

Main Duties Ability to partner effectively with cross functional and cross organization teams
Experience in modern development frameworks for all layers of development
Participate in high-level T-Shirt sizing and bottoms up story estimation
Technically curious to keep present on advances in technology
Work with best of breed technologies (Cloud, high throughput event processing, data analytics, etc)
Pride in authorship of code
Experience in modern front end frameworks
Test Driven Development experience and strong desire to build in test from the start.
Write code (Test and Product) to deliver against project timelines, quality, and requirements in various selected languages.
Conduct Unit, System, and Integration testing, fixing found issues
Promote proper implementation of SAFe process techniques

Background Experience:

5-7+ years using modern technologies such as: React, Redux, node.js, JavaScript, CSS, HTML5
Responsive Web Design
Angular experience with the desire to move to React
Experience using and creating RESTful APIs.
Experience/knowledge with CI/CD
Experience with SAFe Software Development methodologies
Excellent verbal and written communications
Coaching and training

Additional Job Information:

Dollar-for-dollar match up-to 5% of your 401(k) contributions!
Health care (HSA/FSA), dental, vision benefits, PTO
Gym / Showers
A top of the line MacBook Pro
Sit/stand desk
Free Parking (Burlington, MA office)
Aetna-sponsored refreshments, Friday lunches, etc.
Tuition reimbursement
Reimbursement also available for additional Certification, Training & Conferences

Potential Telework Position:

No

Percent of Travel Required:

0 - 10%

EEO Statement:

Aetna is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer

Benefit Eligibility:

Benefit eligibility may vary by position.

Candidate Privacy Information:

Aetna takes our candidate's data privacy seriously. At no time will any Aetna recruiter or employee request any financial or personal information (Social Security Number, Credit card information for direct deposit, etc.) from you via e-mail. Any requests for information will be discussed prior and will be conducted through a secure website provided by the recruiter. Should you be asked for such information, please notify us immediately.","Stack , Web , .Net , C# , JavaScript , backend , Product , Membership , include , web , loading , writing , Components , Review , using , dry , projects , between , procedures , packages , any , consistency , Generate , Enter , Requirements , minimum , WebApi , SQL , Server , TSQL , procedure , Database , Object , Relational , Architecture , ReactJs , Angular , jQuery , Modeling , Action , orientation , identity , protected , internal , external , lead , resources , Location , analysis , methods , metrics , definition , evaluation , drive , short , term , execution , claims , models , reporting , performance , project , environment , integrity , direction , collaboration , communication , Excel , Access , Word , adjustment , economics , SAS , analytics , model , building , classification , rules , mining , relational , OLAP , communicate , subject , Economics , Statistics , Social , Privacy , privacy , time , request , financial , Security , Any , notify , Consumer , transform , consumer , This , digital , transformation , key , build , platform , this , next , IoT , Native , Cloud , join , product , Digital , startup , forward , Join , S , iOS , match , vision , line , Free , background , mobile , organization , frameworks , enterprise , requirements , estimation , implementation , TDD , Agile , Swift , multithreading , Core , push , versioning , HealthKit , WatchOS , accessibility , speech , equivalent , future , .NET , mix , continuous , Having , waterfall , agile , manual , testing , customer , role , abstraction , setting , move , Serve , out , reference , Forge , relationships , expect , persistence , position , details , required , integration , provisioning , operations , capability , tracking , Broadcasting , updates , progress , unique , each , scrum , require , visa , transfer , workflow , stream , DevOps , IIS , field , architecture , system , function , cloud , Amazon , Ansible , Terraform , Jenkins , integrate , which , member , Operations , scalable , release , deployment , monitoring , QA , members , automation , record , Background , orchestration , configuration , Puppet , scripting , Python , Bash , Ruby , deploying , production , Lambda , protocols , HTTP , virtualization , containers , distributed , Scrum , Kanban , FrontEnd , provider , touch , service , sites , HTML , clickable , XHTML , share , rest , excel , animated , banner , ads , responsive , email , frames , structure , logic , flow , navigation , interactive , schedule , media , channels , AEM , Sitecore , take , concept , stack , either , Javascript , components , state , core , shipping , SASS , mixins , webpack , GIT , command , libraries , three.js , Docker , node.js , portfolio , criteria , break , foundation , Required , API , less , complete , expectations , status , scope , contingency , action , resolution , methodology , process , levels , CVS , Medical , focus , iNotify , set , roles , sense , identify , City , Rally , Jira , Outlook , Provider , Authorization , Claims , file , rebuild , sizing , throughput , processing , selected , System , Integration , Redux , CSS , ",https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e43a78f581b3c7b9,e43a78f581b3c7b9,indeed,Aetna developer
new,Front-End Web Developer/AEM - 66466BR,AETNA,"Wellesley, MA 02481",2020-01-12,"Description:

WHAT YOULL DO: Youll work in an agile, rapid development and prototyping environmentproposing technology solutions and translating marketing and web site needs into AEM (Sites and DAM) specific recommendations and solutions. You will also participate in the global implementation of AEM including the design and definition of AEM Content Type Models, Workflows, Content Classifications and Taxonomy to ensure a globally sustainable implementation of the AEM platform.
66466

Fundamental Components:

Responsibilities Include:
Integrations with all possible tools with AEM(Sites and DAM) including Target, Analytics, Dynamic media etc.Participate in the oversight of 3rd party integration development initiatives and other system integrations, providing design specification oversight and vendor verification/directionWork closely with the designers who create comps and webpages.Work in an agile, rapid development, and prototyping environmentBe part of the development of AEM templates and components based on Touch UI (or Classic UI)Leverage current AEM software releases and ensure governance practices are in place for global implementations

Background Experience:

3+ years of development experience working in Adobe Experience Manager (Adobe AEM 6.x, AEM 6.2, AEM 6.3 , AEM 6.4)5+ years in Engineering role, and at least 3+ years working with CMS platforms
 3+ years building sites, templates, components, or integrations with Adobe Experience Manager  Working knowledge and understanding of the following: JCR, Apache Sling, Apache Felix, OSGi, REST, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, JSON, HTML, CSS  Experience with all technical aspects of an AEM project including (but not limited to) environment setup, code base creation, components, templates, OSGi configuration, dispatcher setup and config, and code deployments
Strong analytical, problem solving & conceptual skills, and a flexible attitude in shifting environmentsExcel at communication (spoken, written, presentation) with an ability to express complex technical concepts in business termsAbility to negotiate and manage difficult or ambiguous situation and adapt and work effectively with a variety of situations, individuals, and technologiesExperience with decoupled architectures, setting up dedicated environments (development, QA, etc.) and integrating with a CI chainAt least two full life-cycle CMS implementationsEnjoy working both autonomously and collaborativelyAEM developer Certified

Required Skills:

Leadership - Collaborating for Results, Technology - Creating Technology Partnerships, Technology - Selecting and Applying Technology Solutions

Desired Skills:

Technology - Developing Competitive Technology and Architecture, Technology - Promoting Emerging Technology

Technology Experience:

Development Experience - N-Tiered

Percent of Travel Required:

0 - 10%

EEO Statement:

Aetna is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer

Benefit Eligibility:

Benefit eligibility may vary by position.

Candidate Privacy Information:

Aetna takes our candidate's data privacy seriously. At no time will any Aetna recruiter or employee request any financial or personal information (Social Security Number, Credit card information for direct deposit, etc.) from you via e-mail. Any requests for information will be discussed prior and will be conducted through a secure website provided by the recruiter. Should you be asked for such information, please notify us immediately.

#LI-DT1","Stack , Web , .Net , C# , JavaScript , backend , Product , Membership , include , web , loading , writing , Components , Review , using , dry , projects , between , procedures , packages , any , consistency , Generate , Enter , Requirements , minimum , WebApi , SQL , Server , TSQL , procedure , Database , Object , Relational , Architecture , ReactJs , Angular , jQuery , Modeling , Action , orientation , identity , protected , internal , external , lead , resources , Location , analysis , methods , metrics , definition , evaluation , drive , short , term , execution , claims , models , reporting , performance , project , environment , integrity , direction , collaboration , communication , Excel , Access , Word , adjustment , economics , SAS , analytics , model , building , classification , rules , mining , relational , OLAP , communicate , subject , Economics , Statistics , Social , Privacy , privacy , time , request , financial , Security , Any , notify , Consumer , transform , consumer , This , digital , transformation , key , build , platform , this , next , IoT , Native , Cloud , join , product , Digital , startup , forward , Join , S , iOS , match , vision , line , Free , background , mobile , organization , frameworks , enterprise , requirements , estimation , implementation , TDD , Agile , Swift , multithreading , Core , push , versioning , HealthKit , WatchOS , accessibility , speech , equivalent , future , .NET , mix , continuous , Having , waterfall , agile , manual , testing , customer , role , abstraction , setting , move , Serve , out , reference , Forge , relationships , expect , persistence , position , details , required , integration , provisioning , operations , capability , tracking , Broadcasting , updates , progress , unique , each , scrum , require , visa , transfer , workflow , stream , DevOps , IIS , field , architecture , system , function , cloud , Amazon , Ansible , Terraform , Jenkins , integrate , which , member , Operations , scalable , release , deployment , monitoring , QA , members , automation , record , Background , orchestration , configuration , Puppet , scripting , Python , Bash , Ruby , deploying , production , Lambda , protocols , HTTP , virtualization , containers , distributed , Scrum , Kanban , FrontEnd , provider , touch , service , sites , HTML , clickable , XHTML , share , rest , excel , animated , banner , ads , responsive , email , frames , structure , logic , flow , navigation , interactive , schedule , media , channels , AEM , Sitecore , take , concept , stack , either , Javascript , components , state , core , shipping , SASS , mixins , webpack , GIT , command , libraries , three.js , Docker , node.js , portfolio , criteria , break , foundation , Required , API , less , complete , expectations , status , scope , contingency , action , resolution , methodology , process , levels , CVS , Medical , focus , iNotify , set , roles , sense , identify , City , Rally , Jira , Outlook , Provider , Authorization , Claims , file , rebuild , sizing , throughput , processing , selected , System , Integration , Redux , CSS , prototyping , global , Models , Taxonomy , Target , Analytics , Dynamic , party , vendor , templates , Touch , Adobe , JCR , Apache , Sling , OSGi , REST , AJAX , JSON , base , creation , dispatcher , config , conceptual , express , ambiguous , lifecycle , ",https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c73c1250cf43ef7c,c73c1250cf43ef7c,indeed,Aetna developer
new,Senior Application Developer,AETNA,"Jacksonville, FL 32207 (Spring Park area)",2020-02-06,"Description:

Dynamic Business Rule Configurator position focused on authoring rules for Aetnas Next Generation Clinical Platform. This business & technology minded role will be responsible for interpreting requirements, consultation on best technical approach and will own authoring/testing/deploying of business rules, to support the implementation of multiple lines of business on the new Clinical Platform. This is a fast-paced Scaled Agile implementation where working knowledge of agile principles, BRMS and SQL is required. Experience with InRule is a huge plus. The position has the potential opportunity to be work-at-home for the right candidate with monthly travel to our home office in Hartford CT or strategic vendor partner in Cincinnati OH. This is an exciting opportunity to be on the cutting edge of new and emerging communication channel technology that will ultimately lead to a more personalized member and provider experience.
68162

Fundamental Components:

Ability to design, build and maintain business rules in a BRMS, based on business requirements Experience using a BRMS or rule authoring tool Intermediate to Advanced experience with SQL, Web Services & Microsoft.Net Well rounded background in C#, JSON, SQL server, stored procedures Debug the business rules to resolve defects logged during QA and UAT testing cycles Ability to optimize the current rule configuration with focus on improving usability, performance and rule structure for reuse Forward/Backward chaining, decision trees, and rule sets experience required Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment

Background Experience:

Knowledge of Visual Studio and C# Hands-on experience with inRule irAuthor 6+ years professional experience in information technology 1 year recent experience in healthcare / managed care Experience with systems development life cycle methodology, development tools and relational databases

Additional Job Information:

Ability to adapt to changing priorities. May act as Team Leader. May be involved in providing assistance and training to lower level Programmer/Analysts. Receives general supervision, and is competent to work at the highest level of all technical phases of systems analysis and application program development while working on own most of the time. Ability to work effectively with business areas, IT infrastructure teams, and IT management and staff. Broad knowledge of the client area's functions and systems, and systems and application program development technologies alternatives. Excellent communication skills.

Required Skills:

Leadership - Collaborating for Results, Technology - Developing Software Solutions

Desired Skills:

General Business - Communicating for Impact, General Business - Ensuring Project Discipline

Functional Skills:

Information Management - Database Structures, Information Management - Decision trees and classification rules, Information Technology - Application development

Technology Experience:

Development Language - C++, Development Language - Microsoft Visual C++, Development Language - Oracle PL/SQL

Education:

Information Technology - Microsoft Certified Professional

Potential Telework Position:

Yes

Percent of Travel Required:

10 - 25%

EEO Statement:

Aetna is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer

Benefit Eligibility:

Benefit eligibility may vary by position.

Candidate Privacy Information:

Aetna takes our candidate's data privacy seriously. At no time will any Aetna recruiter or employee request any financial or personal information (Social Security Number, Credit card information for direct deposit, etc.) from you via e-mail. Any requests for information will be discussed prior and will be conducted through a secure website provided by the recruiter. Should you be asked for such information, please notify us immediately.","Stack , Web , .Net , C# , JavaScript , backend , Product , Membership , include , web , loading , writing , Components , Review , using , dry , projects , between , procedures , packages , any , consistency , Generate , Enter , Requirements , minimum , WebApi , SQL , Server , TSQL , procedure , Database , Object , Relational , Architecture , ReactJs , Angular , jQuery , Modeling , Action , orientation , identity , protected , internal , external , lead , resources , Location , analysis , methods , metrics , definition , evaluation , drive , short , term , execution , claims , models , reporting , performance , project , environment , integrity , direction , collaboration , communication , Excel , Access , Word , adjustment , economics , SAS , analytics , model , building , classification , rules , mining , relational , OLAP , communicate , subject , Economics , Statistics , Social , Privacy , privacy , time , request , financial , Security , Any , notify , Consumer , transform , consumer , This , digital , transformation , key , build , platform , this , next , IoT , Native , Cloud , join , product , Digital , startup , forward , Join , S , iOS , match , vision , line , Free , background , mobile , organization , frameworks , enterprise , requirements , estimation , implementation , TDD , Agile , Swift , multithreading , Core , push , versioning , HealthKit , WatchOS , accessibility , speech , equivalent , future , .NET , mix , continuous , Having , waterfall , agile , manual , testing , customer , role , abstraction , setting , move , Serve , out , reference , Forge , relationships , expect , persistence , position , details , required , integration , provisioning , operations , capability , tracking , Broadcasting , updates , progress , unique , each , scrum , require , visa , transfer , workflow , stream , DevOps , IIS , field , architecture , system , function , cloud , Amazon , Ansible , Terraform , Jenkins , integrate , which , member , Operations , scalable , release , deployment , monitoring , QA , members , automation , record , Background , orchestration , configuration , Puppet , scripting , Python , Bash , Ruby , deploying , production , Lambda , protocols , HTTP , virtualization , containers , distributed , Scrum , Kanban , FrontEnd , provider , touch , service , sites , HTML , clickable , XHTML , share , rest , excel , animated , banner , ads , responsive , email , frames , structure , logic , flow , navigation , interactive , schedule , media , channels , AEM , Sitecore , take , concept , stack , either , Javascript , components , state , core , shipping , SASS , mixins , webpack , GIT , command , libraries , three.js , Docker , node.js , portfolio , criteria , break , foundation , Required , API , less , complete , expectations , status , scope , contingency , action , resolution , methodology , process , levels , CVS , Medical , focus , iNotify , set , roles , sense , identify , City , Rally , Jira , Outlook , Provider , Authorization , Claims , file , rebuild , sizing , throughput , processing , selected , System , Integration , Redux , CSS , prototyping , global , Models , Taxonomy , Target , Analytics , Dynamic , party , vendor , templates , Touch , Adobe , JCR , Apache , Sling , OSGi , REST , AJAX , JSON , base , creation , dispatcher , config , conceptual , express , ambiguous , lifecycle , Rule , Next , lines , where , channel , rule , server , resolve , usability , chaining , execute , managed , cycle , highest , infrastructure , client , Project , C++ , Oracle , ",https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=8002f26b2d1cc506,8002f26b2d1cc506,indeed,Aetna developer
new,Senior Web Developer - 66377BR,AETNA,"Denver, CO 80237 (Southeastern Denver area)",2020-01-12,"Description:

What We Do
Aetna Digital seeks to change the way individuals manage their healthcare by focusing on the features that matter to our customers, building software in a modern, lean way, and deploying continuously into the cloud. As part of an engineering team building the Aetna Health website, we help our members effectively find the care they need.

What You'll Do
The web teams are responsible for building the best experience possible for the millions of members using our Aetna Health website. You will work alongside other engineers and with the product and design teams to consistently deliver new features. You will also work to refactor existing code in order to bring greater stability and scalability for our application as our membership continues to increase.
66377

Fundamental Components:

In any given day you will:
Contribute code and tests according to criteria established by our product teamMonitor, troubleshoot, and support our application in productionSeek opportunities to enhance the stability, performance, maintainability, and extensibility of our application

Background Experience:

Required
3+ years of professional experience with modern web frameworks, at least some of which is in ReactJS and ReduxProficient with JavaScript, HTML, CSSExperience writing unit testsExperience translating large features into software designFamiliarity with Agile/SAFe software development principlesFamiliarity using RESTful APIsStrong communication skills
Desired
Knowledge of accessibility in web applicationsKnowledge of Continuous Integration tools such as Jenkins or CircleCI

Potential Telework Position:

No

Percent of Travel Required:

0 - 10%

EEO Statement:

Aetna is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer

Benefit Eligibility:

Benefit eligibility may vary by position.

Candidate Privacy Information:

Aetna takes our candidate's data privacy seriously. At no time will any Aetna recruiter or employee request any financial or personal information (Social Security Number, Credit card information for direct deposit, etc.) from you via e-mail. Any requests for information will be discussed prior and will be conducted through a secure website provided by the recruiter. Should you be asked for such information, please notify us immediately.

#LI-DT1","Stack , Web , .Net , C# , JavaScript , backend , Product , Membership , include , web , loading , writing , Components , Review , using , dry , projects , between , procedures , packages , any , consistency , Generate , Enter , Requirements , minimum , WebApi , SQL , Server , TSQL , procedure , Database , Object , Relational , Architecture , ReactJs , Angular , jQuery , Modeling , Action , orientation , identity , protected , internal , external , lead , resources , Location , analysis , methods , metrics , definition , evaluation , drive , short , term , execution , claims , models , reporting , performance , project , environment , integrity , direction , collaboration , communication , Excel , Access , Word , adjustment , economics , SAS , analytics , model , building , classification , rules , mining , relational , OLAP , communicate , subject , Economics , Statistics , Social , Privacy , privacy , time , request , financial , Security , Any , notify , Consumer , transform , consumer , This , digital , transformation , key , build , platform , this , next , IoT , Native , Cloud , join , product , Digital , startup , forward , Join , S , iOS , match , vision , line , Free , background , mobile , organization , frameworks , enterprise , requirements , estimation , implementation , TDD , Agile , Swift , multithreading , Core , push , versioning , HealthKit , WatchOS , accessibility , speech , equivalent , future , .NET , mix , continuous , Having , waterfall , agile , manual , testing , customer , role , abstraction , setting , move , Serve , out , reference , Forge , relationships , expect , persistence , position , details , required , integration , provisioning , operations , capability , tracking , Broadcasting , updates , progress , unique , each , scrum , require , visa , transfer , workflow , stream , DevOps , IIS , field , architecture , system , function , cloud , Amazon , Ansible , Terraform , Jenkins , integrate , which , member , Operations , scalable , release , deployment , monitoring , QA , members , automation , record , Background , orchestration , configuration , Puppet , scripting , Python , Bash , Ruby , deploying , production , Lambda , protocols , HTTP , virtualization , containers , distributed , Scrum , Kanban , FrontEnd , provider , touch , service , sites , HTML , clickable , XHTML , share , rest , excel , animated , banner , ads , responsive , email , frames , structure , logic , flow , navigation , interactive , schedule , media , channels , AEM , Sitecore , take , concept , stack , either , Javascript , components , state , core , shipping , SASS , mixins , webpack , GIT , command , libraries , three.js , Docker , node.js , portfolio , criteria , break , foundation , Required , API , less , complete , expectations , status , scope , contingency , action , resolution , methodology , process , levels , CVS , Medical , focus , iNotify , set , roles , sense , identify , City , Rally , Jira , Outlook , Provider , Authorization , Claims , file , rebuild , sizing , throughput , processing , selected , System , Integration , Redux , CSS , prototyping , global , Models , Taxonomy , Target , Analytics , Dynamic , party , vendor , templates , Touch , Adobe , JCR , Apache , Sling , OSGi , REST , AJAX , JSON , base , creation , dispatcher , config , conceptual , express , ambiguous , lifecycle , Rule , Next , lines , where , channel , rule , server , resolve , usability , chaining , execute , managed , cycle , highest , infrastructure , client , Project , C++ , Oracle , find , stability , scalability , membership , maintainability , extensibility , ReactJS , Continuous , ",https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=9a5cf21d6ba9f8e9,9a5cf21d6ba9f8e9,indeed,Aetna developer
new,AEM Senior Web Developer - 67924BR,AETNA,"Hartford, CT 06156",2020-01-23,"Description:

Integrations with all possible tools with AEM (Sites and DAM) including Target, Analytics, Dynamic media etc.Participate in the oversight of 3rd party integration development initiatives and other system integrations, providing design specification oversight and vendor verification/directionProvide technology solutions and translate marketing and website needs into AEM recommendations and solutions to meet project goalsInvestigate and stay current on key emerging technologies related to digital marketing, to help push processes and techniques forward
 Work in agile, rapid development, and prototyping environment  Be part of the development of AEM (Sites and DAM) templates and components based on Touch UI (or Classic UI)
Leverage current AEM software releases and ensure governance practices are in place for global implementations
67924

Fundamental Components:

Provide application design guidance and consultation, utilizing a thorough understanding of applicable technology, tools - Adobe AEM and existing designs.
Provide guidance on the latest technology trends and future directions
Analyze highly complex business requirements.
Design and create technical specifications to design or redesign complex computer platforms and applications.
Analyze problems outlined by Business Systems Analysts in terms of detailed technical requirements and capabilities.
Provide coding direction to less experienced staff or develops highly complex original code.
Act as an expert technical resource for modeling, simulation and analysis efforts.
Verify program logic by overseeing the preparation of test data, testing and debugging of programs.
Use Agile SCRUM to deliver solutions with high level of flexibility and adaptability.
Oversee overall systems testing and the migration of platforms and applications to production.

Background Experience:

5+ years of development experience working in Adobe Experience Manager (Adobe AEM 6.x, AEM 6.2, AEM 6.3 , AEM 6.4)8+ years in Engineering role, and at least 5 years working with CMS platforms
 5+ years building sites, templates, components, or integrations with Adobe Experience Manager  Working knowledge and understanding of the following: JCR, Apache Sling, Apache Felix, OSGi, REST, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, JSON, HTML, CSS  Experience with all technical aspects of an AEM (Sites and DAM) project including (but not limited to) environment setup, code base creation, components, templates, OSGi configuration, dispatcher setup, and config, and code deployments
Strong analytical, problem solving & conceptual skills, and a flexible attitude in shifting environmentsExcel at communication (spoken, written, presentation) with an ability to express complex technical concepts in business termsAbility to negotiate and manage the difficult or ambiguous situation and adapt and work effectively with a variety of situations, individuals, and technologiesExperience with decoupled architectures, setting up dedicated environments (development, QA, etc.) and integrating with a CI chainAt least two full life-cycle CMS implementationsEnjoy working both autonomously and collaborativelyAEM developer / Architect Certified

Additional Job Information:

Provide application design guidance and consultation, utilizing a thorough understanding of applicable technology, tools - Adobe AEM and existing designs.
Provide guidance on the latest technology trends and future directions
Analyze highly complex business requirements.
Design and create technical specifications to design or redesign complex computer platforms and applications.
Analyze problems outlined by Business Systems Analysts in terms of detailed technical requirements and capabilities.
Provide coding direction to less experienced staff or develops highly complex original code.
Act as an expert technical resource for modeling, simulation and analysis efforts.
Verify program logic by overseeing the preparation of test data, testing and debugging of programs.
Use Agile SCRUM to deliver solutions with high level of flexibility and adaptability.
Oversee overall systems testing and the migration of platforms and applications to production.

Required Skills:

Technology - Developing Software Solutions, Technology - Leveraging Technology, Technology - Selecting and Applying Technology Solutions

Desired Skills:

Technology - Creating Technology Partnerships, Technology - Developing Competitive Technology and Architecture, Technology - Justifying the Business Case

Percent of Travel Required:

0 - 10%

EEO Statement:

Aetna is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer

Benefit Eligibility:

Benefit eligibility may vary by position.

Candidate Privacy Information:

Aetna takes our candidate's data privacy seriously. At no time will any Aetna recruiter or employee request any financial or personal information (Social Security Number, Credit card information for direct deposit, etc.) from you via e-mail. Any requests for information will be discussed prior and will be conducted through a secure website provided by the recruiter. Should you be asked for such information, please notify us immediately.

#LI-DT1","Stack , Web , .Net , C# , JavaScript , backend , Product , Membership , include , web , loading , writing , Components , Review , using , dry , projects , between , procedures , packages , any , consistency , Generate , Enter , Requirements , minimum , WebApi , SQL , Server , TSQL , procedure , Database , Object , Relational , Architecture , ReactJs , Angular , jQuery , Modeling , Action , orientation , identity , protected , internal , external , lead , resources , Location , analysis , methods , metrics , definition , evaluation , drive , short , term , execution , claims , models , reporting , performance , project , environment , integrity , direction , collaboration , communication , Excel , Access , Word , adjustment , economics , SAS , analytics , model , building , classification , rules , mining , relational , OLAP , communicate , subject , Economics , Statistics , Social , Privacy , privacy , time , request , financial , Security , Any , notify , Consumer , transform , consumer , This , digital , transformation , key , build , platform , this , next , IoT , Native , Cloud , join , product , Digital , startup , forward , Join , S , iOS , match , vision , line , Free , background , mobile , organization , frameworks , enterprise , requirements , estimation , implementation , TDD , Agile , Swift , multithreading , Core , push , versioning , HealthKit , WatchOS , accessibility , speech , equivalent , future , .NET , mix , continuous , Having , waterfall , agile , manual , testing , customer , role , abstraction , setting , move , Serve , out , reference , Forge , relationships , expect , persistence , position , details , required , integration , provisioning , operations , capability , tracking , Broadcasting , updates , progress , unique , each , scrum , require , visa , transfer , workflow , stream , DevOps , IIS , field , architecture , system , function , cloud , Amazon , Ansible , Terraform , Jenkins , integrate , which , member , Operations , scalable , release , deployment , monitoring , QA , members , automation , record , Background , orchestration , configuration , Puppet , scripting , Python , Bash , Ruby , deploying , production , Lambda , protocols , HTTP , virtualization , containers , distributed , Scrum , Kanban , FrontEnd , provider , touch , service , sites , HTML , clickable , XHTML , share , rest , excel , animated , banner , ads , responsive , email , frames , structure , logic , flow , navigation , interactive , schedule , media , channels , AEM , Sitecore , take , concept , stack , either , Javascript , components , state , core , shipping , SASS , mixins , webpack , GIT , command , libraries , three.js , Docker , node.js , portfolio , criteria , break , foundation , Required , API , less , complete , expectations , status , scope , contingency , action , resolution , methodology , process , levels , CVS , Medical , focus , iNotify , set , roles , sense , identify , City , Rally , Jira , Outlook , Provider , Authorization , Claims , file , rebuild , sizing , throughput , processing , selected , System , Integration , Redux , CSS , prototyping , global , Models , Taxonomy , Target , Analytics , Dynamic , party , vendor , templates , Touch , Adobe , JCR , Apache , Sling , OSGi , REST , AJAX , JSON , base , creation , dispatcher , config , conceptual , express , ambiguous , lifecycle , Rule , Next , lines , where , channel , rule , server , resolve , usability , chaining , execute , managed , cycle , highest , infrastructure , client , Project , C++ , Oracle , find , stability , scalability , membership , maintainability , extensibility , ReactJS , Continuous , translate , specifications , modeling , simulation , debugging , SCRUM , migration , ",https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=03b8e866ca49234f,03b8e866ca49234f,indeed,Aetna developer
new,Sr. Front-End Developer - 66233BR,AETNA,"Wellesley, MA 02481",2020-01-12,"Description:
WHO WERE LOOKING FOR
A Front-End Developer to join our Digital Experience team. This team is a part of Aetnas internal marketing & creative agency of 150+ folks (and growing!), and its mission is to design & deliver the optimal marketing experience for an Aetna member or provider partner, applying modern design thinking principles & methodologies to deliver a simple, pleasant and frictionless experience. We believe in thinking beyond our category when it comes defining a best-in-class digital experience, including in how we strategically explore emerging design & technology practices to determine how they might be leveraged to enhance the Aetna member experience. Ultimately, everything our team concepts we make, turning our ideas into testable things our end users can see, touch and interact with.

In service of this mission, the Front-End Developer is responsible for producing web pages, sites, HTML e-mails, digital presentations, clickable HTML / XHTML prototypes, animations and online interfaces within production deadlines and according to functional specifications.

66233

Fundamental Components:
RESPONSIBILITIES

You understand technology and how it can be a facilitator of an end-users desired experience and are always on the lookout for applicable, emerging trends to share with the rest of the creative team
You excel in defining and designing animated HTML(5) banner ads, responsive HTML email, web pages, enhancements or web sites according to wire frames and/or functional specifications
You have all sorts of awesome tricks for creating and communicating the structure, logic, flow and navigation of creative concepts through compelling, interactive prototypes.
You excel in translating business requirements into effective, user-centric experiences
You ensure that web projects are produced accurately and on schedule, utilizing best practices, and meeting code reviews
You thrive in collaborating environments with design and development peers
You understand the importance of accessibility requirements and are diligent in ensuring that developed experiences are accessible by all audience types.

Background Experience:
DESIRED QUALIFICATIONS, SKILLS & BACKGROUND

You have a strong knowledge of digital media channels & digital advertising requirements
You have a demonstrable familiarity working within enterprise CMS platforms (e.g., AEM, Sitecore, etc.) and a practical understanding of large-scale systematic thinking.
You have significant experience working with multi-disciplinary teams to successfully take digital projects through their full life cyclefrom concept to launch.
You understand the end user and can build simple, elegant solutions.
You think about why something needs to be built, not just what needs to be built.
You love to learn and develop new skills continuously in a tech stack deemed suitable for the project.
You are excited to work on testing a variety of product and project ideas either currently underway or conceived in the future.
You have a notable skill-set with 3+ years of experience developing web applications with a modern Javascript framework: React, Vue or Angular 2+ and fully understand MVC, components, state and routing.
You have a full understanding of core Javascript fundamentals and have experience shipping and maintaining browser-based applications.
You are proficient with HTML5 and CSS3.
You are an expert at SASS you can write mixins and SASS functions.
You understand webpack, grunt and bundling production-ready code.
You understand CI/CD.
You understand GIT on the command line.
You have a passion user interfaces and data visualizations.

NICE TO HAVES
Experience with CPU/WebGL libraries like three.js, WorldView, kepler.js etc.
Experience with WebAssembly.
Some backend experience with Docker and Kubernetes.
Experience with Wordpress
Experience with node.js including but not limited to creating secure, custom microservices.

EDUCATION

You have a Bachelors degree or equivalent combined with outstanding digital portfolio, plus at least 8 years experience in a digital marketing, digital agency or applicable product environment. The minimum level of education desired for candidates in this position is a Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience.

Potential Telework Position:
Yes

Percent of Travel Required:
0 - 10%

EEO Statement:
Aetna is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer

Benefit Eligibility:
Benefit eligibility may vary by position.

Candidate Privacy Information:
Aetna takes our candidate's data privacy seriously. At no time will any Aetna recruiter or employee request any financial or personal information (Social Security Number, Credit card information for direct deposit, etc.) from you via e-mail. Any requests for information will be discussed prior and will be conducted through a secure website provided by the recruiter. Should you be asked for such information, please notify us immediately.

#LI-DT1","Stack , Web , .Net , C# , JavaScript , backend , Product , Membership , include , web , loading , writing , Components , Review , using , dry , projects , between , procedures , packages , any , consistency , Generate , Enter , Requirements , minimum , WebApi , SQL , Server , TSQL , procedure , Database , Object , Relational , Architecture , ReactJs , Angular , jQuery , Modeling , Action , orientation , identity , protected , internal , external , lead , resources , Location , analysis , methods , metrics , definition , evaluation , drive , short , term , execution , claims , models , reporting , performance , project , environment , integrity , direction , collaboration , communication , Excel , Access , Word , adjustment , economics , SAS , analytics , model , building , classification , rules , mining , relational , OLAP , communicate , subject , Economics , Statistics , Social , Privacy , privacy , time , request , financial , Security , Any , notify , Consumer , transform , consumer , This , digital , transformation , key , build , platform , this , next , IoT , Native , Cloud , join , product , Digital , startup , forward , Join , S , iOS , match , vision , line , Free , background , mobile , organization , frameworks , enterprise , requirements , estimation , implementation , TDD , Agile , Swift , multithreading , Core , push , versioning , HealthKit , WatchOS , accessibility , speech , equivalent , future , .NET , mix , continuous , Having , waterfall , agile , manual , testing , customer , role , abstraction , setting , move , Serve , out , reference , Forge , relationships , expect , persistence , position , details , required , integration , provisioning , operations , capability , tracking , Broadcasting , updates , progress , unique , each , scrum , require , visa , transfer , workflow , stream , DevOps , IIS , field , architecture , system , function , cloud , Amazon , Ansible , Terraform , Jenkins , integrate , which , member , Operations , scalable , release , deployment , monitoring , QA , members , automation , record , Background , orchestration , configuration , Puppet , scripting , Python , Bash , Ruby , deploying , production , Lambda , protocols , HTTP , virtualization , containers , distributed , Scrum , Kanban , FrontEnd , provider , touch , service , sites , HTML , clickable , XHTML , share , rest , excel , animated , banner , ads , responsive , email , frames , structure , logic , flow , navigation , interactive , schedule , media , channels , AEM , Sitecore , take , concept , stack , either , Javascript , components , state , core , shipping , SASS , mixins , webpack , GIT , command , libraries , three.js , Docker , node.js , portfolio , criteria , break , foundation , Required , API , less , complete , expectations , status , scope , contingency , action , resolution , methodology , process , levels , CVS , Medical , focus , iNotify , set , roles , sense , identify , City , Rally , Jira , Outlook , Provider , Authorization , Claims , file , rebuild , sizing , throughput , processing , selected , System , Integration , Redux , CSS , prototyping , global , Models , Taxonomy , Target , Analytics , Dynamic , party , vendor , templates , Touch , Adobe , JCR , Apache , Sling , OSGi , REST , AJAX , JSON , base , creation , dispatcher , config , conceptual , express , ambiguous , lifecycle , Rule , Next , lines , where , channel , rule , server , resolve , usability , chaining , execute , managed , cycle , highest , infrastructure , client , Project , C++ , Oracle , find , stability , scalability , membership , maintainability , extensibility , ReactJS , Continuous , translate , specifications , modeling , simulation , debugging , SCRUM , migration , ",https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6ac412fa6016fe33,6ac412fa6016fe33,indeed,Aetna developer
new,Senior Java Application Developer,AETNA,"Downers Grove, IL 60515",2020-01-12,"Description:

Under general direction, has duties of instructing, directing, and checking the work of other systems analysis and programming personnel.

Has full technical knowledge of all phases of applications systems analysis and programming.

Formulates and defines system scope and objectives for assigned projects.

Devises or modifies procedures to solve complex problems considering computer equipment capacity and limitations, operating time, and form of desired results.

Responsible for program and system design, coding, testing, debugging, and documentation.

Acts as expert in business applications and/or cross functional areas.

Responsible for directing and monitoring the work of team members.

May be responsible for project completion and user satisfaction.

Provides focus on cross-application integration & solution design as needed to ensure release success.

Note: Interested candidates must be legally eligible to work for any US employer & not require visa transfer or sponsorship now or in the future.
62205

Fundamental Components:

Leads or acts as chief technical contributor to translation of business requirements to technical specifications.
Leads or acts as the chief technical contributor in the design of new applications or enhancements including integration of purchased solutions in accordance with Enterprise wide strategy.
May be called upon to code when need & opportunity arises.
Works closely with technical partners to coordinate and plan ongoing and scheduled system maintenance activities and assists other team members who perform ongoing system maintenance, research, problem resolution and support tasks for existing systems.
May have quality assurance review responsibilities for design and use of cost effective application program solutions.
Efficiently utilizes the prescribed methodology in a disciplined manner, which may include the execution of key technical reviews at projects gates and/or milestones. Anticipates, analyzes, and reacts to the potential impact changes to technology and/or products may have on the business and the computing environment.
Oversees/Coordinates the completion of unit testing, integration and system testing, according to detailed test plans to ensure high-quality systems.
Assists business partners with User Acceptance Testing.
Independently supports the implementation of systems into production, including integration of purchased solutions.
May set direction for Code Asset Management for an application or set of applications.
Supports and ensures the reuse of assets across the organization.
Leads or acts as a key subject matter expert for all or portions of the set of applications aligned with a sub-domain or domain.
Serves as team leader to direct technical activities (including analysis, planning, architecture, design, development, testing, installation, and maintenance of support systems for business areas).
Acts as a knowledge source for identifying Aetna and individual application development standards.
Interacts and receives general direction from the Business, Project Managers or Application architects.
Apply industry wide understanding of technology, tools and methodologies to assist in developing solutions on projects of strategic significance.
Evaluate and identify issues and constraints pertaining to technology approach; coordinate evaluation of solutions to insure adherence to Aetna technology standards (such as security, database, etc.)
Ensures technology remains at current levels for enterprise tools and operational upgrades.
Needs a basic understanding of vendor contract stipulations for outsourcing agreements.

Background Experience:

Understand the business and functional requirements that apply to the applications supporting a sub-domain or domain as well as their relevant interfaces.
Experience in delegation of tasks and leading development projects.
Aware of emerging technologies and able to evaluate for appropriate use.
Eight or more years in application program development experience.
Involvement in all phases of the systems development life cycle.
Experience with application development/technology support packages, product/technology evaluations.
Experience with Java, Web Services - Rest /Soap, ActiveMQ, Jenkins, Selenium, JBoss 6.1, Hibernate, Microsoft SQL Server, Eclipse, Maven/Ant, Apache Click, Open Office
6-8+ years systems analysis and program development experience with some task or team leadership, or an equivalent combination of education and experience.
Affiliated with a technical or professional organization or user group
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a related discipline, or equivalent work experience.

Additional Job Information:

Knowledge of Industry Systems/Software Engineering processes and techniques.Strong leadership skills.Full technical knowledge of all phases of applications systems analysis and programming.Technical knowledge of various high level programming languages and program development software.In-depth knowledge of system and technology alternatives, as well as the system development life cycle.Extensive knowledge of the business area's function and systems.Ability to work effectively with business areas and IT management and staff.Strong judgment.Strong interpersonal and communication skills.

Required Skills:

Technology - Developing Software Solutions, Technology - Leveraging Technology, Technology - Selecting and Applying Technology Solutions

Desired Skills:

Leadership - Anticipating and Innovating, Leadership - Collaborating for Results, Service - Providing Solutions to Constituent Needs

Functional Skills:

Information Technology - Application development

Technology Experience:

Database - SQL Server, Development Experience - Client/Server, Development Experience - N-Tiered, Development Language - Java, Development Language - Java 2 Enterprise Edition, Development Language - Java Development Kit, Development Language - Javascript, Operating System - Linux

Potential Telework Position:

No

Percent of Travel Required:

0 - 10%

EEO Statement:

Aetna is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer

Benefit Eligibility:

Benefit eligibility may vary by position.

Candidate Privacy Information:

Aetna takes our candidate's data privacy seriously. At no time will any Aetna recruiter or employee request any financial or personal information (Social Security Number, Credit card information for direct deposit, etc.) from you via e-mail. Any requests","Stack , Web , .Net , C# , JavaScript , backend , Product , Membership , include , web , loading , writing , Components , Review , using , dry , projects , between , procedures , packages , any , consistency , Generate , Enter , Requirements , minimum , WebApi , SQL , Server , TSQL , procedure , Database , Object , Relational , Architecture , ReactJs , Angular , jQuery , Modeling , Action , orientation , identity , protected , internal , external , lead , resources , Location , analysis , methods , metrics , definition , evaluation , drive , short , term , execution , claims , models , reporting , performance , project , environment , integrity , direction , collaboration , communication , Excel , Access , Word , adjustment , economics , SAS , analytics , model , building , classification , rules , mining , relational , OLAP , communicate , subject , Economics , Statistics , Social , Privacy , privacy , time , request , financial , Security , Any , notify , Consumer , transform , consumer , This , digital , transformation , key , build , platform , this , next , IoT , Native , Cloud , join , product , Digital , startup , forward , Join , S , iOS , match , vision , line , Free , background , mobile , organization , frameworks , enterprise , requirements , estimation , implementation , TDD , Agile , Swift , multithreading , Core , push , versioning , HealthKit , WatchOS , accessibility , speech , equivalent , future , .NET , mix , continuous , Having , waterfall , agile , manual , testing , customer , role , abstraction , setting , move , Serve , out , reference , Forge , relationships , expect , persistence , position , details , required , integration , provisioning , operations , capability , tracking , Broadcasting , updates , progress , unique , each , scrum , require , visa , transfer , workflow , stream , DevOps , IIS , field , architecture , system , function , cloud , Amazon , Ansible , Terraform , Jenkins , integrate , which , member , Operations , scalable , release , deployment , monitoring , QA , members , automation , record , Background , orchestration , configuration , Puppet , scripting , Python , Bash , Ruby , deploying , production , Lambda , protocols , HTTP , virtualization , containers , distributed , Scrum , Kanban , FrontEnd , provider , touch , service , sites , HTML , clickable , XHTML , share , rest , excel , animated , banner , ads , responsive , email , frames , structure , logic , flow , navigation , interactive , schedule , media , channels , AEM , Sitecore , take , concept , stack , either , Javascript , components , state , core , shipping , SASS , mixins , webpack , GIT , command , libraries , three.js , Docker , node.js , portfolio , criteria , break , foundation , Required , API , less , complete , expectations , status , scope , contingency , action , resolution , methodology , process , levels , CVS , Medical , focus , iNotify , set , roles , sense , identify , City , Rally , Jira , Outlook , Provider , Authorization , Claims , file , rebuild , sizing , throughput , processing , selected , System , Integration , Redux , CSS , prototyping , global , Models , Taxonomy , Target , Analytics , Dynamic , party , vendor , templates , Touch , Adobe , JCR , Apache , Sling , OSGi , REST , AJAX , JSON , base , creation , dispatcher , config , conceptual , express , ambiguous , lifecycle , Rule , Next , lines , where , channel , rule , server , resolve , usability , chaining , execute , managed , cycle , highest , infrastructure , client , Project , C++ , Oracle , find , stability , scalability , membership , maintainability , extensibility , ReactJS , Continuous , translate , specifications , modeling , simulation , debugging , SCRUM , migration , capacity , completion , solution , translation , Enterprise , coordinate , maintenance , review , assets , subdomain , installation , constraints , standards , security , database , basic , contract , apply , delegation , evaluate , Java , Rest , ActiveMQ , Selenium , JBoss , Hibernate , Eclipse , Click , task , Service , ",https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c1b3d4dda57f147f,c1b3d4dda57f147f,indeed,Aetna developer
new,UX Researcher - 67192BR,AETNA,"Chicago, IL",2020-01-18,"Description:

bswift, an Aetna/CVS Health portfolio company, is a Chicago-based technology company that provides industry-leading benefits administration for employers and exchanges nationwide. We are currently looking for a UX Researcher to join our team in our Chicago, IL location.
67192

Fundamental Components:

Create and collaborate with the Human-Centered Design and Development team
Work alongside other designers, developers, and product managers.
Ensure the user is always at the forefront of the design process, at the foundational project, product and human centered level


Background Experience:

Background/Experience:
 Expert knowledge of human-centered interface design processes, methodology and UI best practices. Demonstrated skills creating process flows, site maps, wireframes, prototypes, and other UX deliverables. Ability to take on complex problems and arrive at simple solutions, matched with the communication skills to talk through and present solutions with both technical and non-technical personnel. Experience conducting or managing usability tests to validate design. Demonstrated understanding of designing across platforms/devices. Ability to lead the design of large, complex systems of interactions. Experience building prototypes in Axure or InVision.
EDUCATION

The highest level of education desired for candidates in this position is a Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience.

Percent of Travel Required:

0 - 10%

EEO Statement:

Aetna is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer

Benefit Eligibility:

Benefit eligibility may vary by position.

Candidate Privacy Information:

Aetna/CVS Health takes our candidate's data privacy seriously. At no time will any Aetna/CVS Health recruiter or employee request any financial or personal information (Social Security Number, Credit card information for direct deposit, etc.) from you via e-mail. Any requests for information will be discussed prior and will be conducted through a secure website provided by the recruiter. Should you be asked for such information, please notify us immediately.

#LI-DT1","Stack , Web , .Net , C# , JavaScript , backend , Product , Membership , include , web , loading , writing , Components , Review , using , dry , projects , between , procedures , packages , any , consistency , Generate , Enter , Requirements , minimum , WebApi , SQL , Server , TSQL , procedure , Database , Object , Relational , Architecture , ReactJs , Angular , jQuery , Modeling , Action , orientation , identity , protected , internal , external , lead , resources , Location , analysis , methods , metrics , definition , evaluation , drive , short , term , execution , claims , models , reporting , performance , project , environment , integrity , direction , collaboration , communication , Excel , Access , Word , adjustment , economics , SAS , analytics , model , building , classification , rules , mining , relational , OLAP , communicate , subject , Economics , Statistics , Social , Privacy , privacy , time , request , financial , Security , Any , notify , Consumer , transform , consumer , This , digital , transformation , key , build , platform , this , next , IoT , Native , Cloud , join , product , Digital , startup , forward , Join , S , iOS , match , vision , line , Free , background , mobile , organization , frameworks , enterprise , requirements , estimation , implementation , TDD , Agile , Swift , multithreading , Core , push , versioning , HealthKit , WatchOS , accessibility , speech , equivalent , future , .NET , mix , continuous , Having , waterfall , agile , manual , testing , customer , role , abstraction , setting , move , Serve , out , reference , Forge , relationships , expect , persistence , position , details , required , integration , provisioning , operations , capability , tracking , Broadcasting , updates , progress , unique , each , scrum , require , visa , transfer , workflow , stream , DevOps , IIS , field , architecture , system , function , cloud , Amazon , Ansible , Terraform , Jenkins , integrate , which , member , Operations , scalable , release , deployment , monitoring , QA , members , automation , record , Background , orchestration , configuration , Puppet , scripting , Python , Bash , Ruby , deploying , production , Lambda , protocols , HTTP , virtualization , containers , distributed , Scrum , Kanban , FrontEnd , provider , touch , service , sites , HTML , clickable , XHTML , share , rest , excel , animated , banner , ads , responsive , email , frames , structure , logic , flow , navigation , interactive , schedule , media , channels , AEM , Sitecore , take , concept , stack , either , Javascript , components , state , core , shipping , SASS , mixins , webpack , GIT , command , libraries , three.js , Docker , node.js , portfolio , criteria , break , foundation , Required , API , less , complete , expectations , status , scope , contingency , action , resolution , methodology , process , levels , CVS , Medical , focus , iNotify , set , roles , sense , identify , City , Rally , Jira , Outlook , Provider , Authorization , Claims , file , rebuild , sizing , throughput , processing , selected , System , Integration , Redux , CSS , prototyping , global , Models , Taxonomy , Target , Analytics , Dynamic , party , vendor , templates , Touch , Adobe , JCR , Apache , Sling , OSGi , REST , AJAX , JSON , base , creation , dispatcher , config , conceptual , express , ambiguous , lifecycle , Rule , Next , lines , where , channel , rule , server , resolve , usability , chaining , execute , managed , cycle , highest , infrastructure , client , Project , C++ , Oracle , find , stability , scalability , membership , maintainability , extensibility , ReactJS , Continuous , translate , specifications , modeling , simulation , debugging , SCRUM , migration , capacity , completion , solution , translation , Enterprise , coordinate , maintenance , review , assets , subdomain , installation , constraints , standards , security , database , basic , contract , apply , delegation , evaluate , Java , Rest , ActiveMQ , Selenium , JBoss , Hibernate , Eclipse , Click , task , Service , administration , IL , interface , maps , ",https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=0b526e191d9e95b9,0b526e191d9e95b9,indeed,Aetna developer
new,Senior Full Stack Developer (Node.JS/ React/Angular)~ 67832B...,AETNA,"Burlington, MA 01803",2020-01-27,"Description:

Aetna's mandate is to transform health and wellness via products that enable consumer engagement and best-in-class experience. This team is responsible for Aetna's digital transformation and all digital products; as well as the development and execution of the digital roadmap. A key part of the responsibility is to build an integrated platform that enables the delivery of products to drive engagement and revolutionize health and wellness. We want you to be apart of the team that will build this next generation platform.

Leveraging your expertise in Big Data, IoT, Native Cloud, Application Development, Machine Learning and Deep Learning, you will join a product team that is building disruptive cloud platform that will transform the healthcare industry and improve the lives of hundreds of millions of people. Aetna Digital is a highly energetic, highly collaborative team that operates as a startup within the Aetna Enterprise. We want you to bring your talent and expertise to drive the change the is desperately needed within the healthcare industry.

Come Join Aetna Digital!
67832

Fundamental Components:

Aetna Digital is looking for a Sr. Full Stack Developer (Node.JS/ React/Angular) to join our team in Burlington, MA.
We are looking for :
Expert experience in full stack development, frameworks, unit testing frameworks
Work with product managers and the scrum team to effectively translate the business requirements in Node.JS/React/Angular/JavaScript
Demonstrates ability to remove problems and overcome roadblocks during the project. The candidate should also have good verbal and written communication skills

Responsibilities:
Works with cross-function team, using agile practices, writes, debugs and delivers code
Produces solid, thoroughly tested features
Analyzes current information technology environments to identify and assess critical capabilities and recommend solutions.
Experiments with available tools and advises on new tools in order to determine optimal solution given the requirements dictated by the model/use case.

Background Experience:

7-10 + total years of software development.
2-4 years of React/Redux/Node.JS with JavaScript/ CSS/ HTML
4+ years of Node.JS and/ or Java software development experience
3+ years of experience building native cloud solutions
Hands-on experience with APIs, microservices
Experience with CI/CD systems such as Jenkins
Experience with XML/JSON and developing REST Services
Expert experience leveraging container based technologies
Working knowledge of big data technologies is desired
Multiple years of experience delivery solutions through an Agile delivery methodology
Experience with bash shell scripts, UNIX utilities & UNIX Commands
Ability to understand complex systems and solve challenging analytical problems
Ability to leverage multiple tools and programming languages to analyze and manipulate data sets from disparate data sources.
Strong collaboration and communication skills within and across teams.
Strong problem solving skills and critical thinking ability.

Additional Job Information:

Dollar-for-dollar match up-to 5% of your 401(k) contributions!

Health care (HSA/FSA), dental, vision benefits, PTO

Gym / Showers

A top of the line MacBook Pro

Sit/stand desk

Free Parking (Burlington, MA office)
Aetna-sponsored refreshments, Friday lunches, etc.
Tuition reimbursement

Reimbursement also available for additional Certification, Training & Conferences

Potential Telework Position:

No

Percent of Travel Required:

0 - 10%

EEO Statement:

Aetna is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer

Benefit Eligibility:

Benefit eligibility may vary by position.

Candidate Privacy Information:

Aetna takes our candidate's data privacy seriously. At no time will any Aetna recruiter or employee request any financial or personal information (Social Security Number, Credit card information for direct deposit, etc.) from you via e-mail. Any requests for information will be discussed prior and will be conducted through a secure website provided by the recruiter. Should you be asked for such information, please notify us immediately.","Stack , Web , .Net , C# , JavaScript , backend , Product , Membership , include , web , loading , writing , Components , Review , using , dry , projects , between , procedures , packages , any , consistency , Generate , Enter , Requirements , minimum , WebApi , SQL , Server , TSQL , procedure , Database , Object , Relational , Architecture , ReactJs , Angular , jQuery , Modeling , Action , orientation , identity , protected , internal , external , lead , resources , Location , analysis , methods , metrics , definition , evaluation , drive , short , term , execution , claims , models , reporting , performance , project , environment , integrity , direction , collaboration , communication , Excel , Access , Word , adjustment , economics , SAS , analytics , model , building , classification , rules , mining , relational , OLAP , communicate , subject , Economics , Statistics , Social , Privacy , privacy , time , request , financial , Security , Any , notify , Consumer , transform , consumer , This , digital , transformation , key , build , platform , this , next , IoT , Native , Cloud , join , product , Digital , startup , forward , Join , S , iOS , match , vision , line , Free , background , mobile , organization , frameworks , enterprise , requirements , estimation , implementation , TDD , Agile , Swift , multithreading , Core , push , versioning , HealthKit , WatchOS , accessibility , speech , equivalent , future , .NET , mix , continuous , Having , waterfall , agile , manual , testing , customer , role , abstraction , setting , move , Serve , out , reference , Forge , relationships , expect , persistence , position , details , required , integration , provisioning , operations , capability , tracking , Broadcasting , updates , progress , unique , each , scrum , require , visa , transfer , workflow , stream , DevOps , IIS , field , architecture , system , function , cloud , Amazon , Ansible , Terraform , Jenkins , integrate , which , member , Operations , scalable , release , deployment , monitoring , QA , members , automation , record , Background , orchestration , configuration , Puppet , scripting , Python , Bash , Ruby , deploying , production , Lambda , protocols , HTTP , virtualization , containers , distributed , Scrum , Kanban , FrontEnd , provider , touch , service , sites , HTML , clickable , XHTML , share , rest , excel , animated , banner , ads , responsive , email , frames , structure , logic , flow , navigation , interactive , schedule , media , channels , AEM , Sitecore , take , concept , stack , either , Javascript , components , state , core , shipping , SASS , mixins , webpack , GIT , command , libraries , three.js , Docker , node.js , portfolio , criteria , break , foundation , Required , API , less , complete , expectations , status , scope , contingency , action , resolution , methodology , process , levels , CVS , Medical , focus , iNotify , set , roles , sense , identify , City , Rally , Jira , Outlook , Provider , Authorization , Claims , file , rebuild , sizing , throughput , processing , selected , System , Integration , Redux , CSS , prototyping , global , Models , Taxonomy , Target , Analytics , Dynamic , party , vendor , templates , Touch , Adobe , JCR , Apache , Sling , OSGi , REST , AJAX , JSON , base , creation , dispatcher , config , conceptual , express , ambiguous , lifecycle , Rule , Next , lines , where , channel , rule , server , resolve , usability , chaining , execute , managed , cycle , highest , infrastructure , client , Project , C++ , Oracle , find , stability , scalability , membership , maintainability , extensibility , ReactJS , Continuous , translate , specifications , modeling , simulation , debugging , SCRUM , migration , capacity , completion , solution , translation , Enterprise , coordinate , maintenance , review , assets , subdomain , installation , constraints , standards , security , database , basic , contract , apply , delegation , evaluate , Java , Rest , ActiveMQ , Selenium , JBoss , Hibernate , Eclipse , Click , task , Service , administration , IL , interface , maps , Node.JS , native , bash , shell , UNIX , utilities , ",https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=0819d31135ec9dfe,0819d31135ec9dfe,indeed,Aetna developer
new,Principal SW Engineer in Test - Aetna Health (Web UI)~67469B...,AETNA,"Burlington, MA 01803",2020-01-12,"Description:

Aetna's mandate is to transform health and wellness via products that enable consumer engagement and a best-in-class experience. This team is responsible for Aetna's digital strategy and all digital products; as well as the development roadmap and execution of the roadmap. A key part of this team is to build an integrated platform and underlying products to drive engagement and revolutionize health and wellness.

Aetna is taking on a major initiative to redesign and rebuild many of its customer facing digital assets. This effort will include a completely new approach to developing software within Aetna, using the latest design approaches, technologies, and processes. Aetna Digital is a ""startup like"" business unit within Aetna, which will design, build and deliver a completely new and integrated digital experience for our users.


Come Join Aetna Digital!
67469

Fundamental Components:

Aetna is looking for a Principal Software Engineer in Test (Web-UI) to execute their quality strategy. As a member of the Digital Transformation Engineering team, you will responsible for the Quality related activities working directly with PM, UX, Development and project stakeholders to ensure we develop and release the highest quality software product, while ensuring that our quality engineering practices are applied throughout the Agile development lifecycle. You will collaborate with cross functional and cross organization teams on quality initiatives and techniques that promote the best software testing practices and automation tools.

Fundamental Components:
10 + years of experience in a Software Quality position
Solid experience on the implementation and execution of automation testing and coverage that ensures the delivery of a high quality user experience for web platforms
Excellent verbal communication and interpersonal skills with the ability to work in an Agile Scrum Team environment
Contribute to the quality engineering activities throughout every phase of the SDLC requirements, design, development and testing
Provide technical guidance to support project quality activities
Promote proper implementation of Agile SAFe techniques and principles for sprint planning and estimation
Ensure the test coverage and execution of Unit, Integration, Acceptance, System, Regression and UAT are met
Experience with security concepts and best practices to protect PII
Understanding of Networking fundamentals
Evaluate and record the test results and log issues in a test management tool
Monitor project progress and ensure timely deliveries
Review final deliverables to ensure they meet expected quality standards
Evaluate the efficiency of existing QA processes and recommend improvements
Collaborate with engineering on a multi-platform test automation framework by working with best of breed technologies, practices and tools
Knowledge of Continuous Integration / Continuous Build framework

Background Experience:

10+ years software project life cycle experience with concentration in quality assurance.
10+ years experience in technology support or application program development.
Strong Test Cases Preparation and Automation Test Frameworks
Strong test processes, strategies and approaches
Very Strong troubleshooting
Good understanding of TDD execution and Approach
Automation Test framework tools, scripting experience using TestNg, Cucumber, Selenium, Java,Node.js, Ruby, AngularJS, ,XML, API, JSON.

EDUCATION
Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience.

Additional Job Information:

Dollar-for-dollar match up-to 5% of your 401(k) contributions!

Health care (HSA/FSA), dental, vision benefits, PTO

Gym / Showers

A top of the line MacBook Pro

Sit/stand desk

Free Parking (Burlington, MA office)
Aetna-sponsored refreshments, Friday lunches, etc.
Tuition reimbursement

Reimbursement also available for additional Certification, Training & Conferences

Potential Telework Position:

No

Percent of Travel Required:

0 - 10%

EEO Statement:

Aetna is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer

Benefit Eligibility:

Benefit eligibility may vary by position.

Candidate Privacy Information:

Aetna takes our candidate's data privacy seriously. At no time will any Aetna recruiter or employee request any financial or personal information (Social Security Number, Credit card information for direct deposit, etc.) from you via e-mail. Any requests for information will be discussed prior and will be conducted through a secure website provided by the recruiter. Should you be asked for such information, please notify us immediately.","Stack , Web , .Net , C# , JavaScript , backend , Product , Membership , include , web , loading , writing , Components , Review , using , dry , projects , between , procedures , packages , any , consistency , Generate , Enter , Requirements , minimum , WebApi , SQL , Server , TSQL , procedure , Database , Object , Relational , Architecture , ReactJs , Angular , jQuery , Modeling , Action , orientation , identity , protected , internal , external , lead , resources , Location , analysis , methods , metrics , definition , evaluation , drive , short , term , execution , claims , models , reporting , performance , project , environment , integrity , direction , collaboration , communication , Excel , Access , Word , adjustment , economics , SAS , analytics , model , building , classification , rules , mining , relational , OLAP , communicate , subject , Economics , Statistics , Social , Privacy , privacy , time , request , financial , Security , Any , notify , Consumer , transform , consumer , This , digital , transformation , key , build , platform , this , next , IoT , Native , Cloud , join , product , Digital , startup , forward , Join , S , iOS , match , vision , line , Free , background , mobile , organization , frameworks , enterprise , requirements , estimation , implementation , TDD , Agile , Swift , multithreading , Core , push , versioning , HealthKit , WatchOS , accessibility , speech , equivalent , future , .NET , mix , continuous , Having , waterfall , agile , manual , testing , customer , role , abstraction , setting , move , Serve , out , reference , Forge , relationships , expect , persistence , position , details , required , integration , provisioning , operations , capability , tracking , Broadcasting , updates , progress , unique , each , scrum , require , visa , transfer , workflow , stream , DevOps , IIS , field , architecture , system , function , cloud , Amazon , Ansible , Terraform , Jenkins , integrate , which , member , Operations , scalable , release , deployment , monitoring , QA , members , automation , record , Background , orchestration , configuration , Puppet , scripting , Python , Bash , Ruby , deploying , production , Lambda , protocols , HTTP , virtualization , containers , distributed , Scrum , Kanban , FrontEnd , provider , touch , service , sites , HTML , clickable , XHTML , share , rest , excel , animated , banner , ads , responsive , email , frames , structure , logic , flow , navigation , interactive , schedule , media , channels , AEM , Sitecore , take , concept , stack , either , Javascript , components , state , core , shipping , SASS , mixins , webpack , GIT , command , libraries , three.js , Docker , node.js , portfolio , criteria , break , foundation , Required , API , less , complete , expectations , status , scope , contingency , action , resolution , methodology , process , levels , CVS , Medical , focus , iNotify , set , roles , sense , identify , City , Rally , Jira , Outlook , Provider , Authorization , Claims , file , rebuild , sizing , throughput , processing , selected , System , Integration , Redux , CSS , prototyping , global , Models , Taxonomy , Target , Analytics , Dynamic , party , vendor , templates , Touch , Adobe , JCR , Apache , Sling , OSGi , REST , AJAX , JSON , base , creation , dispatcher , config , conceptual , express , ambiguous , lifecycle , Rule , Next , lines , where , channel , rule , server , resolve , usability , chaining , execute , managed , cycle , highest , infrastructure , client , Project , C++ , Oracle , find , stability , scalability , membership , maintainability , extensibility , ReactJS , Continuous , translate , specifications , modeling , simulation , debugging , SCRUM , migration , capacity , completion , solution , translation , Enterprise , coordinate , maintenance , review , assets , subdomain , installation , constraints , standards , security , database , basic , contract , apply , delegation , evaluate , Java , Rest , ActiveMQ , Selenium , JBoss , Hibernate , Eclipse , Click , task , Service , administration , IL , interface , maps , Node.JS , native , bash , shell , UNIX , utilities , Principal , Transformation , phase , Regression , Networking , final , multiplatform , Build , Automation , TestNg , Cucumber , AngularJS , XML , ",https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=fdfc76ad4064b1b6,fdfc76ad4064b1b6,indeed,Aetna developer
new,Power BI Report Developer - 65333BR,AETNA,"High Point, NC",2020-01-12,"Description:

The Clinical Operations Reporting team is staffing multiple positions to develop a team with a blend of complementary skillsets, including data query and transformation (with SAS/SQL/Python/R), data visualization and dashboard development (with Power BI/Tableau) and reporting tool development (with Excel/Access/VBA/SSRS/SSAS).

Responsible for successful development of complex analyses and reporting solutions to meet business needs. Interacts directly with internal customers and colleagues in the development of reporting and analytic solutions. May act as a project lead or mentor for complex projects involving multiple resources and tasks.
65333

Fundamental Components:

Collaborates with internal partners and organizations in the design and development of reporting solutions and analytic studies to support business needs.
Develops, validates and executes complex queries, develops complex reports and performs complex data analysis that answers business questions for internal customers; interprets results, and makes recommendations to business areas based on findings.
Makes recommendations about data collection methods, metrics definitions and evaluation methods.
Turns data into actionable information through reporting solutions.
Troubleshoots technical details / issues.
Presents analysis and reports to internal customers and stakeholders.
Develops business models to support planning.
May mentor other analysts.

Background Experience:

This position would be office base

Strong knowledge of analytic programming tools and methods and reporting platforms.
5 or more years experience with one or more of the following toolsets: strong programming and data transformation skills (e.g., SAS, SQL, Python, R, etc.) using large data warehouse environments **AND/OR** strong data visualization and dashboard development skills (e.g., Power BI / Tableau) **AND/OR** strong reporting tool development skills (e.g., Excel/Access/VBA, SSRS, SSAS, etc.).
Experience working with large data sets from multiple data sources and understanding of relational databases, data systems and data warehouses.
Knowledge of business operational metrics, systems and standards  knowledge of clinical operations metrics a plus; demonstrated subject matter expertise in multiple subject areas.
Ability to communicate technical ideas and results to non-technical clients in written and verbal form.
Strong collaboration and communication skills within and across teams.
Strong problem solving skills and critical thinking ability.
Ability to manage conflicting priorities and multiple projects concurrently.

Additional Job Information:

The Clinical Operations Reporting team is staffing multiple positions to develop a team with a blend of complementary skillsets, including data query and transformation (with SAS/SQL/Python/R), data visualization and dashboard development (with Power BI/Tableau) and reporting tool development (with Excel/Access/VBA/SSRS/SSAS). The positions are PRF3 or PRF4 level positions, depending on the skills and experience of selected applicants. Please also refer to the PRF4 (Sr level) job posting. The positions are not location-specific and can be staffed in a variety of locations. Office-based candidates are preferred, but telework may be considered for exemplary candidates.

Required Skills:

General Business - Consulting for Solutions, General Business - Turning Data into Information, Technology - Leveraging Technology

Desired Skills:

General Business - Applying Reasoned Judgment, General Business - Ensuring Project Discipline, Leadership - Collaborating for Results, Technology - Promoting Emerging Technology

Functional Skills:

Information Management - Business information analysis, Information Management - Data acquisition, data management, programming and documentation, Information Management - predictive modeling

Potential Telework Position:

No

Percent of Travel Required:

0 - 10%

EEO Statement:

Aetna is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer

Benefit Eligibility:

Benefit eligibility may vary by position.

Candidate Privacy Information:

Aetna takes our candidate's data privacy seriously. At no time will any Aetna recruiter or employee request any financial or personal information (Social Security Number, Credit card information for direct deposit, etc.) from you via e-mail. Any requests for information will be discussed prior and will be conducted through a secure website provided by the recruiter. Should you be asked for such information, please notify us immediately.

#LI-DT1","Stack , Web , .Net , C# , JavaScript , backend , Product , Membership , include , web , loading , writing , Components , Review , using , dry , projects , between , procedures , packages , any , consistency , Generate , Enter , Requirements , minimum , WebApi , SQL , Server , TSQL , procedure , Database , Object , Relational , Architecture , ReactJs , Angular , jQuery , Modeling , Action , orientation , identity , protected , internal , external , lead , resources , Location , analysis , methods , metrics , definition , evaluation , drive , short , term , execution , claims , models , reporting , performance , project , environment , integrity , direction , collaboration , communication , Excel , Access , Word , adjustment , economics , SAS , analytics , model , building , classification , rules , mining , relational , OLAP , communicate , subject , Economics , Statistics , Social , Privacy , privacy , time , request , financial , Security , Any , notify , Consumer , transform , consumer , This , digital , transformation , key , build , platform , this , next , IoT , Native , Cloud , join , product , Digital , startup , forward , Join , S , iOS , match , vision , line , Free , background , mobile , organization , frameworks , enterprise , requirements , estimation , implementation , TDD , Agile , Swift , multithreading , Core , push , versioning , HealthKit , WatchOS , accessibility , speech , equivalent , future , .NET , mix , continuous , Having , waterfall , agile , manual , testing , customer , role , abstraction , setting , move , Serve , out , reference , Forge , relationships , expect , persistence , position , details , required , integration , provisioning , operations , capability , tracking , Broadcasting , updates , progress , unique , each , scrum , require , visa , transfer , workflow , stream , DevOps , IIS , field , architecture , system , function , cloud , Amazon , Ansible , Terraform , Jenkins , integrate , which , member , Operations , scalable , release , deployment , monitoring , QA , members , automation , record , Background , orchestration , configuration , Puppet , scripting , Python , Bash , Ruby , deploying , production , Lambda , protocols , HTTP , virtualization , containers , distributed , Scrum , Kanban , FrontEnd , provider , touch , service , sites , HTML , clickable , XHTML , share , rest , excel , animated , banner , ads , responsive , email , frames , structure , logic , flow , navigation , interactive , schedule , media , channels , AEM , Sitecore , take , concept , stack , either , Javascript , components , state , core , shipping , SASS , mixins , webpack , GIT , command , libraries , three.js , Docker , node.js , portfolio , criteria , break , foundation , Required , API , less , complete , expectations , status , scope , contingency , action , resolution , methodology , process , levels , CVS , Medical , focus , iNotify , set , roles , sense , identify , City , Rally , Jira , Outlook , Provider , Authorization , Claims , file , rebuild , sizing , throughput , processing , selected , System , Integration , Redux , CSS , prototyping , global , Models , Taxonomy , Target , Analytics , Dynamic , party , vendor , templates , Touch , Adobe , JCR , Apache , Sling , OSGi , REST , AJAX , JSON , base , creation , dispatcher , config , conceptual , express , ambiguous , lifecycle , Rule , Next , lines , where , channel , rule , server , resolve , usability , chaining , execute , managed , cycle , highest , infrastructure , client , Project , C++ , Oracle , find , stability , scalability , membership , maintainability , extensibility , ReactJS , Continuous , translate , specifications , modeling , simulation , debugging , SCRUM , migration , capacity , completion , solution , translation , Enterprise , coordinate , maintenance , review , assets , subdomain , installation , constraints , standards , security , database , basic , contract , apply , delegation , evaluate , Java , Rest , ActiveMQ , Selenium , JBoss , Hibernate , Eclipse , Click , task , Service , administration , IL , interface , maps , Node.JS , native , bash , shell , UNIX , utilities , Principal , Transformation , phase , Regression , Networking , final , multiplatform , Build , Automation , TestNg , Cucumber , AngularJS , XML , Reporting , blend , visualization , dashboard , R , SSAS , documentation , ",https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=237712529437c76e,237712529437c76e,indeed,Aetna developer
new,TX STAR+PLUS Clinical Trainer RN,AETNA,"Dallas, TX 75207 (Near East area)",2020-02-05,"Description:

This position is office-based, in the Dallas location.
Travel is required 10-25% of the time, with personal vehicle.


Deliver training sessions to new hires and existing staff that successfully transfers learning from the classroom back to the job in order to facilitate appropriate delivery of benefits and/or health information. Requires an RN with unrestricted active license.
68193

Fundamental Components:

Develops and conveys realistic clinical case scenarios for use in training program.Participates in workgroups to develop learning strategies to improve healthcare delivery performance.Lead training delivery sessions for designated audiences.Collaborate with content designers/developers to ensure that correct curriculum is available.Simultaneously manage multiple, complex projects.Develop/assist in development and review new training content and collaborate inter and intra-departmentally on training methodology for the delivery and implementation.Participates in evaluating the effectiveness of training programs during and at designated intervals after delivery.

Background Experience:

RN with current unrestricted state licensure (Required)3+ years of clinical experience (Required)Use of personal vehicle when traveling in the field, must have active and valid TX driver's license, reliable transportation and vehicle insurance (Required)3+ years previous training experience or previous platform skills (Preferred)Knowledge of 3+ years managed care experience (Preferred)Knowledge of quality of care and member safety issues (Preferred)Knowledge of regulatory/accreditory guidelines (Preferred)Knowledge of all aspects (including services available) of programs used by audiences (e.g., assessment tools, Milliman Care Guidelines) (Preferred)Strong clinical/technical training knowledge of the function being trained (Preferred)Excellent platform skills and the ability to interact effectively with people at all levels of the organization (Preferred)Basic understanding of adult learning principles and instructional design (Preferred)

Additional Job Information:

Computer literacy and demonstrated proficiency is required in order to navigate through internal/external computer systems, and MS Office Suite applications, including Word and Excel.
Typical office working environment with productivity and quality expectations
Work requires the ability to perform close inspection of handwritten and computer-generated documents as well as a PC monitor.
Sedentary work involving periods of sitting, talking, listening. Work requires sitting for extended periods, talking on the telephone and typing on the computer.
Ability to multitask, prioritize and effectively adapt to a fast-paced changing environment
Position requires proficiency with computer skills which includes navigating multiple systems and keyboarding.
Effective communication skills, both verbal and written.

At Aetna Better Health of Texas, we are committed to helping people on their path to better health. By taking a total and connected approach to health, we guide and support our members so they can get more out of life, every day. We are looking for people like you who value excellence, integrity, caring and innovation. As an employee, youll join a team dedicated to improving the lives of Texas STAR+PLUS, STAR/CHIP, and STAR Kids members. We value diversity and are dedicated to helping you achieve your career goals.

Technology Experience:

Desktop Tool - Microsoft Outlook, Desktop Tool - Microsoft SharePoint, Desktop Tool - Microsoft Word, Desktop Tool - TE Microsoft Excel

Education:

Nursing - Registered Nurse (RN)

Potential Telework Position:

No

Percent of Travel Required:

10 - 25%

EEO Statement:

Aetna is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer

Benefit Eligibility:

Benefit eligibility may vary by position.

Candidate Privacy Information:

Aetna takes our candidate's data privacy seriously. At no time will any Aetna recruiter or employee request any financial or personal information (Social Security Number, Credit card information for direct deposit, etc.) from you via e-mail. Any requests for information will be discussed prior and will be conducted through a secure website provided by the recruiter. Should you be asked for such information, please notify us immediately.","Stack , Web , .Net , C# , JavaScript , backend , Product , Membership , include , web , loading , writing , Components , Review , using , dry , projects , between , procedures , packages , any , consistency , Generate , Enter , Requirements , minimum , WebApi , SQL , Server , TSQL , procedure , Database , Object , Relational , Architecture , ReactJs , Angular , jQuery , Modeling , Action , orientation , identity , protected , internal , external , lead , resources , Location , analysis , methods , metrics , definition , evaluation , drive , short , term , execution , claims , models , reporting , performance , project , environment , integrity , direction , collaboration , communication , Excel , Access , Word , adjustment , economics , SAS , analytics , model , building , classification , rules , mining , relational , OLAP , communicate , subject , Economics , Statistics , Social , Privacy , privacy , time , request , financial , Security , Any , notify , Consumer , transform , consumer , This , digital , transformation , key , build , platform , this , next , IoT , Native , Cloud , join , product , Digital , startup , forward , Join , S , iOS , match , vision , line , Free , background , mobile , organization , frameworks , enterprise , requirements , estimation , implementation , TDD , Agile , Swift , multithreading , Core , push , versioning , HealthKit , WatchOS , accessibility , speech , equivalent , future , .NET , mix , continuous , Having , waterfall , agile , manual , testing , customer , role , abstraction , setting , move , Serve , out , reference , Forge , relationships , expect , persistence , position , details , required , integration , provisioning , operations , capability , tracking , Broadcasting , updates , progress , unique , each , scrum , require , visa , transfer , workflow , stream , DevOps , IIS , field , architecture , system , function , cloud , Amazon , Ansible , Terraform , Jenkins , integrate , which , member , Operations , scalable , release , deployment , monitoring , QA , members , automation , record , Background , orchestration , configuration , Puppet , scripting , Python , Bash , Ruby , deploying , production , Lambda , protocols , HTTP , virtualization , containers , distributed , Scrum , Kanban , FrontEnd , provider , touch , service , sites , HTML , clickable , XHTML , share , rest , excel , animated , banner , ads , responsive , email , frames , structure , logic , flow , navigation , interactive , schedule , media , channels , AEM , Sitecore , take , concept , stack , either , Javascript , components , state , core , shipping , SASS , mixins , webpack , GIT , command , libraries , three.js , Docker , node.js , portfolio , criteria , break , foundation , Required , API , less , complete , expectations , status , scope , contingency , action , resolution , methodology , process , levels , CVS , Medical , focus , iNotify , set , roles , sense , identify , City , Rally , Jira , Outlook , Provider , Authorization , Claims , file , rebuild , sizing , throughput , processing , selected , System , Integration , Redux , CSS , prototyping , global , Models , Taxonomy , Target , Analytics , Dynamic , party , vendor , templates , Touch , Adobe , JCR , Apache , Sling , OSGi , REST , AJAX , JSON , base , creation , dispatcher , config , conceptual , express , ambiguous , lifecycle , Rule , Next , lines , where , channel , rule , server , resolve , usability , chaining , execute , managed , cycle , highest , infrastructure , client , Project , C++ , Oracle , find , stability , scalability , membership , maintainability , extensibility , ReactJS , Continuous , translate , specifications , modeling , simulation , debugging , SCRUM , migration , capacity , completion , solution , translation , Enterprise , coordinate , maintenance , review , assets , subdomain , installation , constraints , standards , security , database , basic , contract , apply , delegation , evaluate , Java , Rest , ActiveMQ , Selenium , JBoss , Hibernate , Eclipse , Click , task , Service , administration , IL , interface , maps , Node.JS , native , bash , shell , UNIX , utilities , Principal , Transformation , phase , Regression , Networking , final , multiplatform , Build , Automation , TestNg , Cucumber , AngularJS , XML , Reporting , blend , visualization , dashboard , R , SSAS , documentation , back , case , scenarios , intervals , Suite , documents , PC , typing , path , get , Desktop , SharePoint , ",https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7b3d5fd782b54004,7b3d5fd782b54004,indeed,Aetna developer
new,Lead Salesforce Developer - 66845BR,AETNA,"Phoenix, AZ",2020-01-12,"Description:

The Lead Salesforce Developer is a critical role for Aetnas Clinical technology enablement team. This is a hands-on position and the candidate will collaborate and consult with key stakeholders in business, program management and IT/COE to deliver on key Clinical business initiatives. The ideal candidate is a self-starter, detail oriented, organized, and able to work on multiple tasks simultaneously in a fast-paced and changing environment. If you are looking to make a foot print in an industry that is continuously evolving, you will want to consider being part of our team.
66845

Fundamental Components:

Basic Qualifications:
Performs technical analysis, design, development and implementation support for system integration's and Salesforce customization's following Apex design patterns and object-oriented programming best practices.Proven ability to translate business needs into process or system improvementsStrong influencing and communication skills. Conversant with both technical and business audienceWork with a cross-functional Scrum team to maintain and enhance Salesforce Service and Sales Cloud applications in iterative release cyclesTechnical leadership, setting best practices including integration and application development, deployment, testing (unit and systems), and iterative refinementSeek out opportunities to utilize SFDC to improve processes and productivity, and make recommendations to support an organization scaling at a rapid paceProvide technical expertise in identifying, evaluating and developing technology solutions including integrations with other enterprise software solutionsProvide support for the deployment tasks and production checkoutTroubleshoot and fix defects for planned releases and production issuesWork independently to make decisions regarding resolution of issuesCreate clear and concise functional and technical specifications, diagrams and other documentationWrites user stories and acceptance criteria for complex Agile deploymentsExperience working with technical and business stakeholders from global cross-functional teamsDelivers detailed design proof-of-concepts, wireframes, prototypes, in PPT and sandbox, as neededSalesforce Certifications required to be considered for this position: Administrator, Platform Developer I

Background Experience:

Minimum 5 years of experience in Salesforce.com platform experience
- Fluent in Salesforce Lightning. Extensive experience developing Lightning Components - both within the Salesforce Lightning Design System and by writing custom Lightning Components
Extensive VisualForce, Apex Classes/Controllers, Apex Triggers development experienceWeb services development or experience with Salesforce API (REST, SOAP, Metadata, etc.)Knowledge of integration's, third-party integration tools and ETL with SalesforceExperience with different Salesforce deployment methodologies and techniquesStrong understanding of key SFDC architectural concepts and how they influence designGood understanding of data structures, data modeling and database schema is requiredExperience using Salesforce tools and utilities (Data Loader, Eclipse Force.com IDE, ANT Migration tool, Selenium, DemandTools)Web application development experience, including solid experience with Java or C#, as well as HTML, JavaScript, and CSSExtensive Knowledge of SOQLSalesforce Certifications preferred to be considered for this position: Service Cloud Consultant or other SFDC specialization

Additional Job Information:

Knowledge of Industry Systems/Software Engineering processes and techniques.Strong leadership skills.Full technical knowledge of all phases of applications systems analysis and programming.Technical knowledge of various high level programming languages and program development software.In-depth knowledge of system and technology alternatives, as well as the system development life cycle.Extensive knowledge of the business area's function and systems.Ability to work effectively with business areas and IT management and staff.Strong judgment.Strong interpersonal and communication skills
Position is available to any Aetna location

Required Skills:

Technology - Creating Technology Partnerships, Technology - Developing Software Solutions, Technology - Selecting and Applying Technology Solutions

Desired Skills:

General Business - Applying Reasoned Judgment, General Business - Consulting for Solutions, General Business - Ensuring Project Discipline

Potential Telework Position:

Yes

Percent of Travel Required:

10 - 25%

EEO Statement:

Aetna is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer

Benefit Eligibility:

Benefit eligibility may vary by position.

Candidate Privacy Information:

Aetna takes our candidate's data privacy seriously. At no time will any Aetna recruiter or employee request any financial or personal information (Social Security Number, Credit card information for direct deposit, etc.) from you via e-mail. Any requests for information will be discussed prior and will be conducted through a secure website provided by the recruiter. Should you be asked for such information, please notify us immediately.

#LI-DT1","Stack , Web , .Net , C# , JavaScript , backend , Product , Membership , include , web , loading , writing , Components , Review , using , dry , projects , between , procedures , packages , any , consistency , Generate , Enter , Requirements , minimum , WebApi , SQL , Server , TSQL , procedure , Database , Object , Relational , Architecture , ReactJs , Angular , jQuery , Modeling , Action , orientation , identity , protected , internal , external , lead , resources , Location , analysis , methods , metrics , definition , evaluation , drive , short , term , execution , claims , models , reporting , performance , project , environment , integrity , direction , collaboration , communication , Excel , Access , Word , adjustment , economics , SAS , analytics , model , building , classification , rules , mining , relational , OLAP , communicate , subject , Economics , Statistics , Social , Privacy , privacy , time , request , financial , Security , Any , notify , Consumer , transform , consumer , This , digital , transformation , key , build , platform , this , next , IoT , Native , Cloud , join , product , Digital , startup , forward , Join , S , iOS , match , vision , line , Free , background , mobile , organization , frameworks , enterprise , requirements , estimation , implementation , TDD , Agile , Swift , multithreading , Core , push , versioning , HealthKit , WatchOS , accessibility , speech , equivalent , future , .NET , mix , continuous , Having , waterfall , agile , manual , testing , customer , role , abstraction , setting , move , Serve , out , reference , Forge , relationships , expect , persistence , position , details , required , integration , provisioning , operations , capability , tracking , Broadcasting , updates , progress , unique , each , scrum , require , visa , transfer , workflow , stream , DevOps , IIS , field , architecture , system , function , cloud , Amazon , Ansible , Terraform , Jenkins , integrate , which , member , Operations , scalable , release , deployment , monitoring , QA , members , automation , record , Background , orchestration , configuration , Puppet , scripting , Python , Bash , Ruby , deploying , production , Lambda , protocols , HTTP , virtualization , containers , distributed , Scrum , Kanban , FrontEnd , provider , touch , service , sites , HTML , clickable , XHTML , share , rest , excel , animated , banner , ads , responsive , email , frames , structure , logic , flow , navigation , interactive , schedule , media , channels , AEM , Sitecore , take , concept , stack , either , Javascript , components , state , core , shipping , SASS , mixins , webpack , GIT , command , libraries , three.js , Docker , node.js , portfolio , criteria , break , foundation , Required , API , less , complete , expectations , status , scope , contingency , action , resolution , methodology , process , levels , CVS , Medical , focus , iNotify , set , roles , sense , identify , City , Rally , Jira , Outlook , Provider , Authorization , Claims , file , rebuild , sizing , throughput , processing , selected , System , Integration , Redux , CSS , prototyping , global , Models , Taxonomy , Target , Analytics , Dynamic , party , vendor , templates , Touch , Adobe , JCR , Apache , Sling , OSGi , REST , AJAX , JSON , base , creation , dispatcher , config , conceptual , express , ambiguous , lifecycle , Rule , Next , lines , where , channel , rule , server , resolve , usability , chaining , execute , managed , cycle , highest , infrastructure , client , Project , C++ , Oracle , find , stability , scalability , membership , maintainability , extensibility , ReactJS , Continuous , translate , specifications , modeling , simulation , debugging , SCRUM , migration , capacity , completion , solution , translation , Enterprise , coordinate , maintenance , review , assets , subdomain , installation , constraints , standards , security , database , basic , contract , apply , delegation , evaluate , Java , Rest , ActiveMQ , Selenium , JBoss , Hibernate , Eclipse , Click , task , Service , administration , IL , interface , maps , Node.JS , native , bash , shell , UNIX , utilities , Principal , Transformation , phase , Regression , Networking , final , multiplatform , Build , Automation , TestNg , Cucumber , AngularJS , XML , Reporting , blend , visualization , dashboard , R , SSAS , documentation , back , case , scenarios , intervals , Suite , documents , PC , typing , path , get , Desktop , SharePoint , Lead , Salesforce , detail , Apex , scaling , clear , sandbox , Administrator , Platform , Fluent , Lightning , VisualForce , Triggers , SOAP , Metadata , ETL , schema , Loader , Force.com , IDE , ANT , Migration , ",https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f9060bac0b477bd5,f9060bac0b477bd5,indeed,Aetna developer
new,Power BI Report Developer - 67131BR,AETNA,"Jacksonville, FL 32207 (Spring Park area)",2020-01-12,"Description:

Responsible for the successful design, delivery, and maintenance of Power BI dashboards and business intelligence reporting solutions to meet business needs. Interacts directly with internal customers and colleagues in the development of reporting and analytic solutions. Acts as a project lead for complex projects involving multiple resources and tasks. Provides mentoring to other team members.
67131

Fundamental Components:

External candidates will need to be close to an Aetna office, as this is an office-based position.
Collaborates with internal partners and organizations in the design, testing, development, and maintenance of business intelligence and reporting solutions to support business needs, with a specific focus on Power BI development.
Develops, validates and executes complex data sourcing and transformation, develops advanced reports and dashboards, and performs complex data analysis that answers business questions for internal customers; interprets results, and makes recommendations to business areas based on findings.
Develops project plans and timelines; responsible for project commitments to quality and on-time deliverables.
Evaluates data needs of assigned projects, assures data integrity and suitability, and determines data collection methods, metrics definitions and evaluation methods.
Turns data into actionable information through reporting solutions.
Troubleshoots technical details / issues.
Presents analysis and reports to internal customers and stakeholders.
Acts as a mentor to other analysts, particularly in the areas of Power BI functionality and capabilities.

Background Experience:

Advanced knowledge of business intelligence reporting platforms and programming tools with direct experience in Power BI.
Advanced experience with end-to-end business intelligence solutions development to include one or more of the following areas: data visualization and dashboard development with direct experience in Power BI; advanced Power BI functionality and features (e.g., Power BI server, data gateway, row-level security, custom visuals, etc.); data sourcing, transformation, and relational modeling (e.g., SAS, SQL, VBA, Python, R, etc.) using multiple data sources to include large data warehouse environments; Power BI performance testing and optimization; scheduled delivery and automated data refresh (e.g., Power BI data gateway, Visual Studio/SSIS, Alteryx, SAS, VBA, etc.).
Experience working with large data sets from multiple data sources and understanding of relational databases, data systems and data warehouses.
Extensive and diverse knowledge of business operational metrics, systems and standards  knowledge of clinical operations metrics a plus; demonstrated subject matter expertise in multiple subject areas.
Ability to communicate technical ideas and results to non-technical clients in written and verbal form.
Experience leading project teams; strong collaboration skills with the ability to work effectively with all levels of management and staff.
Strong collaboration and communication skills within and across teams.
Strong problem-solving, analytical, critical thinking and project management skills.
Ability to manage conflicting priorities and multiple projects concurrently

Additional Job Information:

The Clinical Operations Reporting team has a blend of skillsets, including data query specialists (with SAS/SQL experience) and report development specialists (with Tableau, Power BI, Excel/Access/VBA experience). This position is specifically focused on Power BI development. The position will be a PRF3 or PRF4 level position, depending on the skills and experience of selected applicant. Please also refer to the PRF3 Report Developer job posting. A candidate located in one of our locations where there is a clinical services presence is preferred, but exemplary candidates in other locations may be considered.

Required Skills:

Technology - Leveraging Technology, Technology - Promoting Emerging Technology, Technology - Selecting and Applying Technology Solutions

Desired Skills:

General Business - Applying Reasoned Judgment, General Business - Consulting for Solutions, Leadership - Driving Strategic and Organizational Agility

Functional Skills:

Information Management - Business information analysis, Information Management - Data acquisition, data management, programming and documentation, Information Management - predictive modeling

Potential Telework Position:

No

Percent of Travel Required:

0 - 10%

EEO Statement:

Aetna is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer

Benefit Eligibility:

Benefit eligibility may vary by position.

Candidate Privacy Information:

Aetna takes our candidate's data privacy seriously. At no time will any Aetna recruiter or employee request any financial or personal information (Social Security Number, Credit card information for direct deposit, etc.) from you via e-mail. Any requests for information will be discussed prior and will be conducted through a secure website provided by the recruiter. Should you be asked for such information, please notify us immediately.

#LI-DT1","Stack , Web , .Net , C# , JavaScript , backend , Product , Membership , include , web , loading , writing , Components , Review , using , dry , projects , between , procedures , packages , any , consistency , Generate , Enter , Requirements , minimum , WebApi , SQL , Server , TSQL , procedure , Database , Object , Relational , Architecture , ReactJs , Angular , jQuery , Modeling , Action , orientation , identity , protected , internal , external , lead , resources , Location , analysis , methods , metrics , definition , evaluation , drive , short , term , execution , claims , models , reporting , performance , project , environment , integrity , direction , collaboration , communication , Excel , Access , Word , adjustment , economics , SAS , analytics , model , building , classification , rules , mining , relational , OLAP , communicate , subject , Economics , Statistics , Social , Privacy , privacy , time , request , financial , Security , Any , notify , Consumer , transform , consumer , This , digital , transformation , key , build , platform , this , next , IoT , Native , Cloud , join , product , Digital , startup , forward , Join , S , iOS , match , vision , line , Free , background , mobile , organization , frameworks , enterprise , requirements , estimation , implementation , TDD , Agile , Swift , multithreading , Core , push , versioning , HealthKit , WatchOS , accessibility , speech , equivalent , future , .NET , mix , continuous , Having , waterfall , agile , manual , testing , customer , role , abstraction , setting , move , Serve , out , reference , Forge , relationships , expect , persistence , position , details , required , integration , provisioning , operations , capability , tracking , Broadcasting , updates , progress , unique , each , scrum , require , visa , transfer , workflow , stream , DevOps , IIS , field , architecture , system , function , cloud , Amazon , Ansible , Terraform , Jenkins , integrate , which , member , Operations , scalable , release , deployment , monitoring , QA , members , automation , record , Background , orchestration , configuration , Puppet , scripting , Python , Bash , Ruby , deploying , production , Lambda , protocols , HTTP , virtualization , containers , distributed , Scrum , Kanban , FrontEnd , provider , touch , service , sites , HTML , clickable , XHTML , share , rest , excel , animated , banner , ads , responsive , email , frames , structure , logic , flow , navigation , interactive , schedule , media , channels , AEM , Sitecore , take , concept , stack , either , Javascript , components , state , core , shipping , SASS , mixins , webpack , GIT , command , libraries , three.js , Docker , node.js , portfolio , criteria , break , foundation , Required , API , less , complete , expectations , status , scope , contingency , action , resolution , methodology , process , levels , CVS , Medical , focus , iNotify , set , roles , sense , identify , City , Rally , Jira , Outlook , Provider , Authorization , Claims , file , rebuild , sizing , throughput , processing , selected , System , Integration , Redux , CSS , prototyping , global , Models , Taxonomy , Target , Analytics , Dynamic , party , vendor , templates , Touch , Adobe , JCR , Apache , Sling , OSGi , REST , AJAX , JSON , base , creation , dispatcher , config , conceptual , express , ambiguous , lifecycle , Rule , Next , lines , where , channel , rule , server , resolve , usability , chaining , execute , managed , cycle , highest , infrastructure , client , Project , C++ , Oracle , find , stability , scalability , membership , maintainability , extensibility , ReactJS , Continuous , translate , specifications , modeling , simulation , debugging , SCRUM , migration , capacity , completion , solution , translation , Enterprise , coordinate , maintenance , review , assets , subdomain , installation , constraints , standards , security , database , basic , contract , apply , delegation , evaluate , Java , Rest , ActiveMQ , Selenium , JBoss , Hibernate , Eclipse , Click , task , Service , administration , IL , interface , maps , Node.JS , native , bash , shell , UNIX , utilities , Principal , Transformation , phase , Regression , Networking , final , multiplatform , Build , Automation , TestNg , Cucumber , AngularJS , XML , Reporting , blend , visualization , dashboard , R , SSAS , documentation , back , case , scenarios , intervals , Suite , documents , PC , typing , path , get , Desktop , SharePoint , Lead , Salesforce , detail , Apex , scaling , clear , sandbox , Administrator , Platform , Fluent , Lightning , VisualForce , Triggers , SOAP , Metadata , ETL , schema , Loader , Force.com , IDE , ANT , Migration , gateway , VBA , refresh , Alteryx , report , Tableau , Report , ",https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e0a8c388d84d6e42,e0a8c388d84d6e42,indeed,Aetna developer
new,Implementation Leader,AETNA,"Chicago, IL",2020-01-23,"Description:

The Implementation Leader (IL) is directly responsible for helping bswift meet and exceed client expectations by supporting consumers on our best-in-class HR software and services. The Implementation Leader (IL) is accountable for the relationships for direct market clients during the implementation. The Implementation Leader is responsible for the quality and satisfaction of a new client implementation from the date of hire until the scope of services is transitioned to an ongoing state of service.
67893

Fundamental Components:

Consistently reflect our core values of higher standards, greater accountability, and more fun to bswift associates, clients, and partners
Lead and project manage the Health and Welfare Active/Retiree new client implementations to achieve individual, team, & company goals
Lead Key meetings including Implementation kick-off meetings, status meetings, and other meetings during the implementation process with clients
Manage timelines with other bswift implementation staff and clients
Manage client expectations, anticipating possible issues and communicating turnaround times with reasonable delivery dates
Proactively identifying and mitigating project risks while escalating when appropriate
Manage project communication and governance by reporting a clear, consistent and accurate status reporting on a regular basis for client and internal bswift team leaders and peers
Lead the team and client to define and document requirements by reviewing source documents (Legal Plan Documents, Summary Plan Descriptions, Human Resource Materials), identifying relevant plan administration information from those documents and inputting information into the requirements format including, but not limited to:
Benefits Class Matrix, Plan Requirements Template, Rates, Permissions, Field Options, Site Text, Import files of Demographic and Benefit Data, and Export of vendor files as required
Proactively consult clients on best practices and be a subject matter expert on necessary system and process changes to achieve client goals
Research and recommend system enhancements based upon client needs (assist in the development of tech specifications with bswift Product Managers and Developers)
Act as a coach and mentor for others

NIGHT AND WEEKEND WORK MAY BE NECESSARY

Background Experience:

Must have current or previous experience with benefits / implementation processes and methods
5+ years of client relationship, consulting and implementation experience
Good written/verbal communication skills and the ability to communicate with both technical and non-technical personnel ability to listen, clarify and respond well to questions
Bachelor's degree preferred
High level of productivity, reliability, responsibility, attendance, dependability, organization and accuracy/thoroughness
Ability to take initiative to meet challenges with resourcefulness and new innovative approaches while maintaining a high level of quality
Must possess a passion for teamwork, client service and reaching business results through problem solving

Percent of Travel Required:

0 - 10%

EEO Statement:

Aetna is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer

Benefit Eligibility:

Benefit eligibility may vary by position.

Candidate Privacy Information:

Aetna takes our candidate's data privacy seriously. At no time will any Aetna recruiter or employee request any financial or personal information (Social Security Number, Credit card information for direct deposit, etc.) from you via e-mail. Any requests for information will be discussed prior and will be conducted through a secure website provided by the recruiter. Should you be asked for such information, please notify us immediately.","Stack , Web , .Net , C# , JavaScript , backend , Product , Membership , include , web , loading , writing , Components , Review , using , dry , projects , between , procedures , packages , any , consistency , Generate , Enter , Requirements , minimum , WebApi , SQL , Server , TSQL , procedure , Database , Object , Relational , Architecture , ReactJs , Angular , jQuery , Modeling , Action , orientation , identity , protected , internal , external , lead , resources , Location , analysis , methods , metrics , definition , evaluation , drive , short , term , execution , claims , models , reporting , performance , project , environment , integrity , direction , collaboration , communication , Excel , Access , Word , adjustment , economics , SAS , analytics , model , building , classification , rules , mining , relational , OLAP , communicate , subject , Economics , Statistics , Social , Privacy , privacy , time , request , financial , Security , Any , notify , Consumer , transform , consumer , This , digital , transformation , key , build , platform , this , next , IoT , Native , Cloud , join , product , Digital , startup , forward , Join , S , iOS , match , vision , line , Free , background , mobile , organization , frameworks , enterprise , requirements , estimation , implementation , TDD , Agile , Swift , multithreading , Core , push , versioning , HealthKit , WatchOS , accessibility , speech , equivalent , future , .NET , mix , continuous , Having , waterfall , agile , manual , testing , customer , role , abstraction , setting , move , Serve , out , reference , Forge , relationships , expect , persistence , position , details , required , integration , provisioning , operations , capability , tracking , Broadcasting , updates , progress , unique , each , scrum , require , visa , transfer , workflow , stream , DevOps , IIS , field , architecture , system , function , cloud , Amazon , Ansible , Terraform , Jenkins , integrate , which , member , Operations , scalable , release , deployment , monitoring , QA , members , automation , record , Background , orchestration , configuration , Puppet , scripting , Python , Bash , Ruby , deploying , production , Lambda , protocols , HTTP , virtualization , containers , distributed , Scrum , Kanban , FrontEnd , provider , touch , service , sites , HTML , clickable , XHTML , share , rest , excel , animated , banner , ads , responsive , email , frames , structure , logic , flow , navigation , interactive , schedule , media , channels , AEM , Sitecore , take , concept , stack , either , Javascript , components , state , core , shipping , SASS , mixins , webpack , GIT , command , libraries , three.js , Docker , node.js , portfolio , criteria , break , foundation , Required , API , less , complete , expectations , status , scope , contingency , action , resolution , methodology , process , levels , CVS , Medical , focus , iNotify , set , roles , sense , identify , City , Rally , Jira , Outlook , Provider , Authorization , Claims , file , rebuild , sizing , throughput , processing , selected , System , Integration , Redux , CSS , prototyping , global , Models , Taxonomy , Target , Analytics , Dynamic , party , vendor , templates , Touch , Adobe , JCR , Apache , Sling , OSGi , REST , AJAX , JSON , base , creation , dispatcher , config , conceptual , express , ambiguous , lifecycle , Rule , Next , lines , where , channel , rule , server , resolve , usability , chaining , execute , managed , cycle , highest , infrastructure , client , Project , C++ , Oracle , find , stability , scalability , membership , maintainability , extensibility , ReactJS , Continuous , translate , specifications , modeling , simulation , debugging , SCRUM , migration , capacity , completion , solution , translation , Enterprise , coordinate , maintenance , review , assets , subdomain , installation , constraints , standards , security , database , basic , contract , apply , delegation , evaluate , Java , Rest , ActiveMQ , Selenium , JBoss , Hibernate , Eclipse , Click , task , Service , administration , IL , interface , maps , Node.JS , native , bash , shell , UNIX , utilities , Principal , Transformation , phase , Regression , Networking , final , multiplatform , Build , Automation , TestNg , Cucumber , AngularJS , XML , Reporting , blend , visualization , dashboard , R , SSAS , documentation , back , case , scenarios , intervals , Suite , documents , PC , typing , path , get , Desktop , SharePoint , Lead , Salesforce , detail , Apex , scaling , clear , sandbox , Administrator , Platform , Fluent , Lightning , VisualForce , Triggers , SOAP , Metadata , ETL , schema , Loader , Force.com , IDE , ANT , Migration , gateway , VBA , refresh , Alteryx , report , Tableau , Report , Implementation , date , Key , document , Documents , Summary , format , Class , Matrix , Permissions , Field , Options , Text , Import , Export , relationship , listen , reliability , ",https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1de04a11b34ea456,1de04a11b34ea456,indeed,Aetna developer
new,Senior Informatics Analyst,AETNA,"Hartford, CT 06156",2020-02-11,"Description:

Join the Medicare Stars Data Intelligence Operational Excellence Team and open yourself to a career opportunity with rapid growth potential.


Provide operational and production support for web applications, databases, reports, dashboards and data processes.
Use your innovation skills to automate manual processes and eliminate manual jobs.Implement Robot Process Automation (RPA)Perform Quality Assurance (QA) to ensure the best outcomes for our business partners and end users.
Multiple positions with varying skill sets are available.
Performs operational and production support on varied healthcare applications, databases, processes, reports and dashboards.
Uses data to evaluate programs and product solutions using healthcare medical, pharmacy, lab, survey and utilization data.
Codes efficiently using SAS/SQL and other programs.
Extracts data from multiple sources and creates integrated analytic datasets and creates reports and studies to address business and research questions.
Develops, validates and executes algorithms and predictive models to solve business problems.
Executes univariate and multivariate statistical analyses and interprets results in the context of the business problem or question.
Conducts periodic updates of analytical routines and department production systems Investigates and evaluates alternative solutions to meeting business needs.
Participates in presentations and consultations to constituents on information services, capabilities and performance results.
Documents methods, specifications and findings clearly; contributes to writing and presentation of results, findings and conclusions. Creates and evaluates the data needs of assigned projects and assures the integrity of the data.
Manages personal resources efficiently to complete assigned projects accurately and on time Participates in the development of project plans and timelines.
Responsible for commitments to quality and on-time deliverables. Motivated and is willing to understand and probe into technical details and data irregularities.
Contributes to a motivated work environment by working effectively to achieve common goals
Demonstrated written and verbal communication skills. Able to present information to various audiences. 3+ years of relevant programming or analytic experience. Healthcare or pharmaceutical industry experience is preferred.Knowledge of other reporting platforms such as: Business Objects, Tableau, web development technology C#.NET), big data analytics, data mining, Visual Basic.Understanding of relational databases, data systems and data warehouses.Experience in statistical analysis and database management.Knowledge of analytic programming tools and methods (SAS, SQL, OLAP, Business Objects, Tableau)

Strong knowledge of health care claims, products, and systems.Solid Understanding of complex databases.

Demonstrated analytical and problem-solving skills. Bachelor's degree in Mathematics, Economics, Statistics, Computer Science, Actuarial Science, Social Science, Healthcare or related discipline.

Multiple positions available for persons with:

SQL and SAS programming skillsC#.NETTableauBusiness Objects reporting
68600

Fundamental Components:

Performs analyses of varied healthcare data to evaluate programs and product solutions using healthcare medical, pharmacy, lab, survey and utilization data.
Designs and codes efficiently using SAS/SQL programs.
Extracts data from multiple sources and creates integrated analytic datasets and creates reports and studies to address business and research questions.
Develops, validates and executes algorithms and predictive models to solve business problems.
Executes univariate and multivariate statistical analyses and interprets results in the context of the business problem or question.
Conducts periodic updates of analytical routines and department production systems Investigates and evaluates alternative solutions to meeting business needs.
Participates in presentations and consultations to constituents on information services, capabilities and performance results.
Documents methods, specifications and findings clearly; contributes to writing and presentation of results, findings and conclusions.
Creates and evaluates the data needs of assigned projects and assures the integrity of the data.
Manages personal resources efficiently to complete assigned projects accurately and on time.
Participates in the development of project plans and timelines.
Responsible for commitments to quality and on-time deliverables.
Motivated and is willing to understand and probe into technical details and data irregularities.
Contributes to a motivated work environment by working effectively to achieve common goals.

Background Experience:

Demonstrated written and verbal communication skills.
Able to present information to various audiences.
3+ years of relevant programming or analytic experience.
Healthcare or pharmaceutical industry experience is preferred.
Knowledge of other reporting platforms such as: Business Objects, Microsoft Access, web development technology, big data analytics, data mining, Visual Basic.Understanding of relational databases, data systems and data warehouses.
Experience in statistical analysis and database management.
Knowledge of analytic programming tools and methods (SAS, SQL, OLAP, Business Objects, Crystal).
Deep knowledge of healthcare industry, policy, research design, univariate and multivariate statistical analyses, predictive modeling, case-mix and risk adjustment methods and tools.
Experience in working in a data warehouse environment as well as the ability to work with large data sets from multiple data sources.
Strong knowledge of health care claims, products, and systems.
Solid Understanding of complex databases and UNIX or mainframe environments.
Strong SQL and SAS programming skills (e.g., SAS Base, SAS STAT, SAS Macros).
Demonstrated analytical and problem-solving skills. Bachelor's degree in Mathematics, Economics, Statistics, Computer Science, Actuarial Science, Social Science, Healthcare or related discipline.

Additional Job Information:

Candidate should be flexible and agile enough to work in Production Support environment. This position requires candidate to work few hours during off hours (i.e. in night or early morning) and over the weekend as well.


This position also requires a learning curve as our department Medicare Stars deals with lots of data points & technologies.

Required Skills:

General Business - Maximizing Work Practices, Leadership - Creating Accountability, Technology - Leveraging Technology

Desired Skills:

Finance - Managing Aetnas Assets, General Business - Ensuring Project Discipline, Technology - Creating Technology Partnerships

Functional Skills:

Information Technology - Data / info management & architecture, Information Technology - Quality engineering / assurance, Information Technology - Testing, Products-Medical - Individual Medicare Advantage Plan

Technology Experience:

Database - Microsoft SQL Server, Reporting Tool - SAS, System Management - Microsoft Operations Manager for SQL Server

Education:

Information Technology - Microsoft Certified Application Developer (MCAD) for Microsoft .NET, Information Technology - SAS Base Programming Certification for SAS 9

Potential Telework Position:

No

Percent of Travel Required:

0 - 10%

EEO Statement:

Aetna is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer

Benefit Eligibility:

Benefit eligibility may vary by position.

Candidate Privacy Information:

Aetna takes our candidate's data privacy seriously. At no time will any Aetna recruiter or employee request any financial or personal information (Social Security Number, Credit card information for direct deposit, etc.) from you via e-mail. Any requests for information will be discussed prior and will be conducted through a secure website provided by the recruiter. Should you be asked for such information, please notify us immediately.","Stack , Web , .Net , C# , JavaScript , backend , Product , Membership , include , web , loading , writing , Components , Review , using , dry , projects , between , procedures , packages , any , consistency , Generate , Enter , Requirements , minimum , WebApi , SQL , Server , TSQL , procedure , Database , Object , Relational , Architecture , ReactJs , Angular , jQuery , Modeling , Action , orientation , identity , protected , internal , external , lead , resources , Location , analysis , methods , metrics , definition , evaluation , drive , short , term , execution , claims , models , reporting , performance , project , environment , integrity , direction , collaboration , communication , Excel , Access , Word , adjustment , economics , SAS , analytics , model , building , classification , rules , mining , relational , OLAP , communicate , subject , Economics , Statistics , Social , Privacy , privacy , time , request , financial , Security , Any , notify , Consumer , transform , consumer , This , digital , transformation , key , build , platform , this , next , IoT , Native , Cloud , join , product , Digital , startup , forward , Join , S , iOS , match , vision , line , Free , background , mobile , organization , frameworks , enterprise , requirements , estimation , implementation , TDD , Agile , Swift , multithreading , Core , push , versioning , HealthKit , WatchOS , accessibility , speech , equivalent , future , .NET , mix , continuous , Having , waterfall , agile , manual , testing , customer , role , abstraction , setting , move , Serve , out , reference , Forge , relationships , expect , persistence , position , details , required , integration , provisioning , operations , capability , tracking , Broadcasting , updates , progress , unique , each , scrum , require , visa , transfer , workflow , stream , DevOps , IIS , field , architecture , system , function , cloud , Amazon , Ansible , Terraform , Jenkins , integrate , which , member , Operations , scalable , release , deployment , monitoring , QA , members , automation , record , Background , orchestration , configuration , Puppet , scripting , Python , Bash , Ruby , deploying , production , Lambda , protocols , HTTP , virtualization , containers , distributed , Scrum , Kanban , FrontEnd , provider , touch , service , sites , HTML , clickable , XHTML , share , rest , excel , animated , banner , ads , responsive , email , frames , structure , logic , flow , navigation , interactive , schedule , media , channels , AEM , Sitecore , take , concept , stack , either , Javascript , components , state , core , shipping , SASS , mixins , webpack , GIT , command , libraries , three.js , Docker , node.js , portfolio , criteria , break , foundation , Required , API , less , complete , expectations , status , scope , contingency , action , resolution , methodology , process , levels , CVS , Medical , focus , iNotify , set , roles , sense , identify , City , Rally , Jira , Outlook , Provider , Authorization , Claims , file , rebuild , sizing , throughput , processing , selected , System , Integration , Redux , CSS , prototyping , global , Models , Taxonomy , Target , Analytics , Dynamic , party , vendor , templates , Touch , Adobe , JCR , Apache , Sling , OSGi , REST , AJAX , JSON , base , creation , dispatcher , config , conceptual , express , ambiguous , lifecycle , Rule , Next , lines , where , channel , rule , server , resolve , usability , chaining , execute , managed , cycle , highest , infrastructure , client , Project , C++ , Oracle , find , stability , scalability , membership , maintainability , extensibility , ReactJS , Continuous , translate , specifications , modeling , simulation , debugging , SCRUM , migration , capacity , completion , solution , translation , Enterprise , coordinate , maintenance , review , assets , subdomain , installation , constraints , standards , security , database , basic , contract , apply , delegation , evaluate , Java , Rest , ActiveMQ , Selenium , JBoss , Hibernate , Eclipse , Click , task , Service , administration , IL , interface , maps , Node.JS , native , bash , shell , UNIX , utilities , Principal , Transformation , phase , Regression , Networking , final , multiplatform , Build , Automation , TestNg , Cucumber , AngularJS , XML , Reporting , blend , visualization , dashboard , R , SSAS , documentation , back , case , scenarios , intervals , Suite , documents , PC , typing , path , get , Desktop , SharePoint , Lead , Salesforce , detail , Apex , scaling , clear , sandbox , Administrator , Platform , Fluent , Lightning , VisualForce , Triggers , SOAP , Metadata , ETL , schema , Loader , Force.com , IDE , ANT , Migration , gateway , VBA , refresh , Alteryx , report , Tableau , Report , Implementation , date , Key , document , Documents , Summary , format , Class , Matrix , Permissions , Field , Options , Text , Import , Export , relationship , listen , reliability , Robot , Process , medical , survey , presentation , policy , mainframe , Base , STAT , Production , curve , points , Assets , info , Testing , ",https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=29095ede6bb3970b,29095ede6bb3970b,indeed,Aetna developer
new,Senior Android Developer ~65301BR,AETNA,"Burlington, MA 01803",2020-01-12,"Description:

Aetna's mandate is to transform health and wellness via products that enable consumer engagement and a best-in-class experience. This team is responsible for Aetna's digital strategy and all digital products; as well as the development roadmap and execution of the roadmap. A key part of this team is to build an integrated platform and underlying products to drive engagement and revolutionize health and wellness.

Aetna is taking on a major initiative to redesign and rebuild many of its customer facing digital assets. This effort will include a completely new approach to developing software within Aetna, using the latest design approaches, technologies, and processes. Aetna Digital is a newly formed startup like business unit within Aetna, which will design, build and deliver a completely new and integrated digital experience for our users.

Come Join Aetna Digital!
65301

Fundamental Components:

Aetna Digital is looking for a Senior Android Developer to join our team!

Fundamental Components:
7+ years of modern software development frameworks that deliver world-class digital experiences for the consumer or enterprise spaces
Demonstrable portfolio of released applications to the Android market
As a mobile developer, you'll collaborate on the development of complex systems; including requirements analysis, estimation, design and development, implementation and testing
Strong desire to build in test from the start and TDD development experience a plus
A desire to create awesome user experiences within the mobile space
Direct product features and key technology choices
Passion for technology and a high technical aptitude
Enjoys the challenges associated with creating software for large audiences (millions)
Promote proper implementation of Agile processes, techniques and principles
Excellent verbal and written communication skills


Background Experience:

BACKGROUND/EXPERIENCE desired:
3+ years Native Android development
Proficient with Java
Kotlin experience is a plus
Experience with multi-threading programming
Familiarity with using Restful APIs
Proficient understanding of code versioning tools such as Git
Experience/knowledge with CI/CD
Experience with Agile/ SAFe Software Development Principles
Ability to take responsibility for the implementation, quality, and operation of large features, such as an epic-level story or multi-sprint feature
.

EDUCATION
Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience.

Additional Job Information:

Dollar-for-dollar match up-to 5% of your 401(k) contributions!

Health care (HSA/FSA), dental, vision benefits, PTO

Gym / Showers

A top of the line MacBook Pro

Sit/stand desk

Free Parking (Burlington, MA office)
Aetna-sponsored refreshments, Friday lunches, etc.
Tuition reimbursement

Reimbursement also available for additional Certification, Training & Conferences

Potential Telework Position:

No

Percent of Travel Required:

0 - 10%

EEO Statement:

Aetna is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer

Benefit Eligibility:

Benefit eligibility may vary by position.

Candidate Privacy Information:

Aetna takes our candidate's data privacy seriously. At no time will any Aetna recruiter or employee request any financial or personal information (Social Security Number, Credit card information for direct deposit, etc.) from you via e-mail. Any requests for information will be discussed prior and will be conducted through a secure website provided by the recruiter. Should you be asked for such information, please notify us immediately.","Stack , Web , .Net , C# , JavaScript , backend , Product , Membership , include , web , loading , writing , Components , Review , using , dry , projects , between , procedures , packages , any , consistency , Generate , Enter , Requirements , minimum , WebApi , SQL , Server , TSQL , procedure , Database , Object , Relational , Architecture , ReactJs , Angular , jQuery , Modeling , Action , orientation , identity , protected , internal , external , lead , resources , Location , analysis , methods , metrics , definition , evaluation , drive , short , term , execution , claims , models , reporting , performance , project , environment , integrity , direction , collaboration , communication , Excel , Access , Word , adjustment , economics , SAS , analytics , model , building , classification , rules , mining , relational , OLAP , communicate , subject , Economics , Statistics , Social , Privacy , privacy , time , request , financial , Security , Any , notify , Consumer , transform , consumer , This , digital , transformation , key , build , platform , this , next , IoT , Native , Cloud , join , product , Digital , startup , forward , Join , S , iOS , match , vision , line , Free , background , mobile , organization , frameworks , enterprise , requirements , estimation , implementation , TDD , Agile , Swift , multithreading , Core , push , versioning , HealthKit , WatchOS , accessibility , speech , equivalent , future , .NET , mix , continuous , Having , waterfall , agile , manual , testing , customer , role , abstraction , setting , move , Serve , out , reference , Forge , relationships , expect , persistence , position , details , required , integration , provisioning , operations , capability , tracking , Broadcasting , updates , progress , unique , each , scrum , require , visa , transfer , workflow , stream , DevOps , IIS , field , architecture , system , function , cloud , Amazon , Ansible , Terraform , Jenkins , integrate , which , member , Operations , scalable , release , deployment , monitoring , QA , members , automation , record , Background , orchestration , configuration , Puppet , scripting , Python , Bash , Ruby , deploying , production , Lambda , protocols , HTTP , virtualization , containers , distributed , Scrum , Kanban , FrontEnd , provider , touch , service , sites , HTML , clickable , XHTML , share , rest , excel , animated , banner , ads , responsive , email , frames , structure , logic , flow , navigation , interactive , schedule , media , channels , AEM , Sitecore , take , concept , stack , either , Javascript , components , state , core , shipping , SASS , mixins , webpack , GIT , command , libraries , three.js , Docker , node.js , portfolio , criteria , break , foundation , Required , API , less , complete , expectations , status , scope , contingency , action , resolution , methodology , process , levels , CVS , Medical , focus , iNotify , set , roles , sense , identify , City , Rally , Jira , Outlook , Provider , Authorization , Claims , file , rebuild , sizing , throughput , processing , selected , System , Integration , Redux , CSS , prototyping , global , Models , Taxonomy , Target , Analytics , Dynamic , party , vendor , templates , Touch , Adobe , JCR , Apache , Sling , OSGi , REST , AJAX , JSON , base , creation , dispatcher , config , conceptual , express , ambiguous , lifecycle , Rule , Next , lines , where , channel , rule , server , resolve , usability , chaining , execute , managed , cycle , highest , infrastructure , client , Project , C++ , Oracle , find , stability , scalability , membership , maintainability , extensibility , ReactJS , Continuous , translate , specifications , modeling , simulation , debugging , SCRUM , migration , capacity , completion , solution , translation , Enterprise , coordinate , maintenance , review , assets , subdomain , installation , constraints , standards , security , database , basic , contract , apply , delegation , evaluate , Java , Rest , ActiveMQ , Selenium , JBoss , Hibernate , Eclipse , Click , task , Service , administration , IL , interface , maps , Node.JS , native , bash , shell , UNIX , utilities , Principal , Transformation , phase , Regression , Networking , final , multiplatform , Build , Automation , TestNg , Cucumber , AngularJS , XML , Reporting , blend , visualization , dashboard , R , SSAS , documentation , back , case , scenarios , intervals , Suite , documents , PC , typing , path , get , Desktop , SharePoint , Lead , Salesforce , detail , Apex , scaling , clear , sandbox , Administrator , Platform , Fluent , Lightning , VisualForce , Triggers , SOAP , Metadata , ETL , schema , Loader , Force.com , IDE , ANT , Migration , gateway , VBA , refresh , Alteryx , report , Tableau , Report , Implementation , date , Key , document , Documents , Summary , format , Class , Matrix , Permissions , Field , Options , Text , Import , Export , relationship , listen , reliability , Robot , Process , medical , survey , presentation , policy , mainframe , Base , STAT , Production , curve , points , Assets , info , Testing , Android , operation , ",https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e2584272b7c206c6,e2584272b7c206c6,indeed,Aetna developer
