status,title,company,location,date,blurb,tags,link,id,provider,query
new,"Technical Software Engineering Lead - Bengaluru, Karnataka",PowerSchool,"Bengaluru, KT",2020-01-12,"Job purpose This position, under the general direction of the Director and Manager, Software Engineering, will be responsible for coordination, quality and output of the Software Engineer team to achieve the department and company goals. This role will implement, code, build, and test new features, maintain existing features, and develop reports that will include components, data models, customization and reporting features for our products. Additionally, this position will gather and refine requirements, develop designs, implement, test and document solutions to produce the highest quality product and customer satisfaction. Additionally, this position will provide leadership and guidance to create a multi-functional team of top level, high-performing Software Engineers. Duties and Responsibilities Essential duties and responsibilities include the following. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.  Lead a software development project and manage software development from inception to delivery Be both a highly technical hands-on coder and effective at mentorship Coach and mentor team members for skill development and experience Establish goals and objectives for the team that aligns with the overall roadmap and delivery schedules Works to increase team efficiency and effectiveness in order to achieve long term goals Participates in hiring of new team members Performs any HR related tasks Analyze performance and develop improvements to performance of web application. Perform upgrades to 3rd party libraries and tools used by the web application Implement new web application software features and products following best practices such as authoring of unit tests, writing maintainable code, applying established patterns and algorithms Specialize in client or server side web application development as a member of a project team. Preference for familiarity with the full technical stack. Develop software to support internal initiatives, tools, update framework and application functionality Work as part of an Agile SCRUM team in the planning, scoping, estimation and execution of technical solutions Work within a wide range of new and legacy code and technologies in a mature codebase Other duties as assigned","This , position , direction , output , role , build , include , components , models , customization , reporting , this , requirements , document , highest , product , customer , Lead , project , members , term , any , performance , web , party , libraries , writing , client , server , member , Preference , internal , Agile , SCRUM , scoping , estimation , execution , range , legacy , codebase , ",https://job-openings.monster.com/technical-software-engineering-lead-bengaluru-karnataka-bengaluru-kt-us-powerschool/f4402219-7295-41ad-9cc5-8f47b64a81b4,f4402219-7295-41ad-9cc5-8f47b64a81b4,monster,Hiring developer
new,Web Developer & IT Applications SME,Aurigo,"Bangalore, KT",2020-01-22,"Web Developer & IT Applications SMELocation: Bangalore, IndiaExperience: 3 to 6 yearsAbout Aurigo:Aurigo is an American technology company founded in 2003 with a mission to help public sector agencies and facility owners plan, deliver and maintain their capital projects and assets safely and efficiently. Our award-winning Aurigo Masterworks Cloud software is now the industry-leading solution for both public and private agencies funding and maintaining large capital, infrastructure and facilities investments. We are a privately held U.S. corporation proudly headquartered in Austin, Texas, with software development and support centers in Canada and India.Role Description:Aurigo is looking for a candidate with a can-do attitude, growth mindset, and superior collaboration and communications skills for Enterprise App/Web SME position. The incumbent will be the principle SME for Aurigo Enterprise IT applications and Corporate websites (external and internal). The candidate should have experience in developing, configuring and managing corporate websites and enterprise IT applications.Primary Responsibilities: Setup and manage and support Organization related websites hosted in cloud/on-premises environment. Responsible and single point of contact for managing and providing support for all SaaS based or internal applications in place for different departments. Responsible to conduct Proof of Concepts, ensure wider adoption of best security practices for the applications used in the organization and the required documentation. Responsible for managing Organization SharePoint system and work closely with Microsoft support in case of any issues with the system. Responsible for implementing a SaaS based HRMS system that meets Organization business requirements. Proactively identify issues with applications and work with appropriate team & vendors in identifying the root cause and resolution. Automation and monthly report generation for management.Desired Skills and Experience: Must have experience on WordPress, HTML/XHTML, CSS, SharePoint. Must have knowledge on Windows/Linux Servers and any one of the web servers like IIS/Apache/JBoss/Web Sphere etc. Experience with server-side frameworks such as ASP.NET, Ruby on Rails, PHP. Experience on any one of the following HRMS/ERP systems Ex: Workday, Taleo, Oracle, SAP etc. Experience on managing SaaS applications. (Certify, Zendesk, O365, etc.)","This , position , direction , output , role , build , include , components , models , customization , reporting , this , requirements , document , highest , product , customer , Lead , project , members , term , any , performance , web , party , libraries , writing , client , server , member , Preference , internal , Agile , SCRUM , scoping , estimation , execution , range , legacy , codebase , Web , public , projects , assets , Cloud , solution , private , infrastructure , collaboration , Enterprise , enterprise , Organization , hosted , point , contact , SaaS , Proof , security , organization , required , SharePoint , system , case , identify , root , Automation , report , WordPress , CSS , frameworks , ASP.NET , Ruby , Oracle , SAP , Zendesk , ",https://job-openings.monster.com/web-developer-it-applications-sme-bangalore-kt-us-aurigo/a0921c3a-8714-4fe4-9df1-dc26c63f33ad,a0921c3a-8714-4fe4-9df1-dc26c63f33ad,monster,Hiring developer
new,"RE: Salesforce Lightning Developer at Phoenix, AZ (Contract to hire/Fulltime)",Datawave Technologies,"Phoenix, AZ",2020-02-08,"Salesforce Developer with lightening Contract To Hire/Fulltime Location     Phoenix AZ    Required Skills:     Have at least 5+ years in Salesforce implementations and over all 8 + years of IT experience.     Have deep understanding on all aspects of Salesforce configuration and technical/functional capabilities, including all changes and potential system implications related to the Salesforce release upgrades. Configure the salesforce application based on technical design & business requirements.     Work within the Sales/Service Cloud module of Salesforce.com to develop and customize the application. Develop custom applications using Lightning, Apex, Visual Force, JAVA, JavaScript, AJAX, HTML, and CSS.      Work closely with other Developers, Technical Architects, Business Analysts and Project Managers on coding, troubleshooting and debugging. Perform reviews on code developed by peer developers and contractors.     Perform support and development activities for applications/projects.     Support change management (release) process to develop and implement new applications and update existing applications.     Support change control best practices, including the management of user requests/approvals and promote changes to production.     Thanks & Regards...? Pradeep  Office: (973) 695 1098 | Mobile: (214) 980-7930 Fax : (973) 577 8815  2001 Route, 46 Waterview plaza Suite#310,Parsippany NJ 07054 PradeepD@Datawavetechnologies.com www.datawavetechnologies.com","This , position , direction , output , role , build , include , components , models , customization , reporting , this , requirements , document , highest , product , customer , Lead , project , members , term , any , performance , web , party , libraries , writing , client , server , member , Preference , internal , Agile , SCRUM , scoping , estimation , execution , range , legacy , codebase , Web , public , projects , assets , Cloud , solution , private , infrastructure , collaboration , Enterprise , enterprise , Organization , hosted , point , contact , SaaS , Proof , security , organization , required , SharePoint , system , case , identify , root , Automation , report , WordPress , CSS , frameworks , ASP.NET , Ruby , Oracle , SAP , Zendesk , Salesforce , Contract , Location , Phoenix , Required , configuration , release , Configure , salesforce , module , using , Lightning , Apex , JAVA , JavaScript , AJAX , HTML , Project , peer , process , Fax , ",https://job-openings.monster.com/re-salesforce-lightning-developer-at-phoenix-az-contract-to-hire-fulltime-phoenix-az-us-datawave-technologies/215700244,215700244,monster,Hiring developer
